1:"$Sreact.fragment"
2:I[39756,["/Canadian-Internship-List/_next/static/chunks/3fntmmi971322.js"],"default"]
3:I[37457,["/Canadian-Internship-List/_next/static/chunks/3fntmmi971322.js"],"default"]
5:I[97367,["/Canadian-Internship-List/_next/static/chunks/3fntmmi971322.js"],"OutletBoundary"]
6:"$Sreact.suspense"
8:I[97367,["/Canadian-Internship-List/_next/static/chunks/3fntmmi971322.js"],"ViewportBoundary"]
a:I[97367,["/Canadian-Internship-List/_next/static/chunks/3fntmmi971322.js"],"MetadataBoundary"]
c:I[68027,["/Canadian-Internship-List/_next/static/chunks/3fntmmi971322.js"],"default",1]
:HL["/Canadian-Internship-List/_next/static/chunks/27qco0t-0e8pf.css","style"]
:HL["/Canadian-Internship-List/_next/static/chunks/2g7h883c5qj2j.css","style"]
0:{"P":null,"c":["",""],"q":"","i":false,"f":[[["",{"children":["__PAGE__",{},"$undefined","$undefined",4608]},"$undefined","$undefined",4624],[["$","$1","c",{"children":[[["$","link","0",{"rel":"stylesheet","href":"/Canadian-Internship-List/_next/static/chunks/27qco0t-0e8pf.css","precedence":"next","crossOrigin":"$undefined","nonce":"$undefined"}],["$","script","script-0",{"src":"/Canadian-Internship-List/_next/static/chunks/3fntmmi971322.js","async":true,"nonce":"$undefined"}]],["$","html",null,{"lang":"en","children":["$","body",null,{"children":["$","$L2",null,{"parallelRouterKey":"children","error":"$undefined","errorStyles":"$undefined","errorScripts":"$undefined","template":["$","$L3",null,{}],"templateStyles":"$undefined","templateScripts":"$undefined","notFound":[[["$","title",null,{"children":"404: This page could not be found."}],["$","div",null,{"style":{"fontFamily":"system-ui,\"Segoe UI\",Roboto,Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif,\"Apple Color Emoji\",\"Segoe UI Emoji\"","height":"100vh","textAlign":"center","display":"flex","flexDirection":"column","alignItems":"center","justifyContent":"center"},"children":["$","div",null,{"children":[["$","style",null,{"dangerouslySetInnerHTML":{"__html":"body{color:#000;background:#fff;margin:0}.next-error-h1{border-right:1px solid rgba(0,0,0,.3)}@media (prefers-color-scheme:dark){body{color:#fff;background:#000}.next-error-h1{border-right:1px solid rgba(255,255,255,.3)}}"}}],["$","h1",null,{"className":"next-error-h1","style":{"display":"inline-block","margin":"0 20px 0 0","padding":"0 23px 0 0","fontSize":24,"fontWeight":500,"verticalAlign":"top","lineHeight":"49px"},"children":404}],["$","div",null,{"style":{"display":"inline-block"},"children":["$","h2",null,{"style":{"fontSize":14,"fontWeight":400,"lineHeight":"49px","margin":0},"children":"This page could not be found."}]}]]}]}]],[]],"forbidden":"$undefined","unauthorized":"$undefined"}]}]}]]}],{"children":[["$","$1","c",{"children":["$L4",[["$","link","0",{"rel":"stylesheet","href":"/Canadian-Internship-List/_next/static/chunks/2g7h883c5qj2j.css","precedence":"next","crossOrigin":"$undefined","nonce":"$undefined"}],["$","script","script-0",{"src":"/Canadian-Internship-List/_next/static/chunks/42en8how3w6ow.js","async":true,"nonce":"$undefined"}]],["$","$L5",null,{"children":["$","$6",null,{"name":"Next.MetadataOutlet","children":"$@7"}]}]]}],{},null,false,null]},null,false,null],["$","$1","h",{"children":[null,["$","$L8",null,{"children":"$L9"}],["$","div",null,{"hidden":true,"children":["$","$La",null,{"children":["$","$6",null,{"name":"Next.Metadata","children":"$Lb"}]}]}],null]}],false]],"m":"$undefined","G":["$c",[["$","link","0",{"rel":"stylesheet","href":"/Canadian-Internship-List/_next/static/chunks/27qco0t-0e8pf.css","precedence":"next","crossOrigin":"$undefined","nonce":"$undefined"}]]],"S":true,"h":null,"r":"$undefined","s":"$undefined","a":"$undefined","l":"$undefined","p":"$undefined","d":"$undefined","b":"RNOkLm7D0OBItFcOrOrDm"}
9:[["$","meta","0",{"charSet":"utf-8"}],["$","meta","1",{"name":"viewport","content":"width=device-width, initial-scale=1"}]]
7:null
b:[["$","title","0",{"children":"InterQuery | Tech Internship Tracker"}],["$","meta","1",{"name":"description","content":"Internship openings from Microsoft, Google, NVIDIA, Shopify, Apple, Amazon, AMD, Intel, IBM, SAP, Salesforce, Stripe, Spotify, Databricks, Snowflake, Uber, Meta, and Netflix across Canada, the United States, the United Kingdom, and Singapore."}]]
d:I[20238,["/Canadian-Internship-List/_next/static/chunks/3fntmmi971322.js","/Canadian-Internship-List/_next/static/chunks/42en8how3w6ow.js"],"default"]
e:T1405,Overview Come build community, explore your passions and do your best work at Microsoft with thousands of university interns from every corner of the world. This opportunity will allow you to bring your aspirations, talent, potential – and excitement for the journey ahead. As an Applied Scientist Intern at Microsoft, you will be at the forefront of technological innovation, working collaboratively to bring research to life in our products and services. You'll gain expertise in cutting-edge research areas, apply advanced concepts to real-world needs, and use state-of-the-art tools to make a tangible impact on product quality and business outcomes. You'll contribute to the creation of intelligent solutions through data analysis, modeling, machine learning, and/or AI, LLM, SLM and agent, ensuring our products remain at the leading edge of innovation. As an intern at Microsoft, you’re stepping into a world of real impact from day one. You’ll collaborate with global teams on meaningful projects, explore cutting-edge technologies like AI, and kick start your career while doing it. With a strong focus on learning and development, this is your opportunity to grow your skills, build community, and shape your future—all while being supported every step of the way. Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate and empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond. Please note this application is only for internships based in our Redmond, Washington office. For internships in other offices in the United States, please see our Car Careers site eers site . Responsibilities Analyze and improve performance of advanced algorithms on large-scale datasets and cutting-edge research in machine intelligence and machine learning applications. Think through the product scenarios and goals, identify key challenges, then fit the scenario asks into Machine Learning (ML) tasks, design experimental process for iteration and optimization. Implement prototypes of scalable systems in AI applications. Gain an understanding of a broad area of research and applicable research techniques, as well as a basic knowledge of industry trends and share your knowledge with immediate team members. Prepare data to be used for analysis by reviewing criteria that reflect quality and technical constraints. Reviews data and suggests data to be included and excluded and be able to describe actions taken to address data quality problems. Assist with the development of usable datasets for modeling purposes and support the scaling of feature ideation and data preparation. Help take cleaned data and adapt for machine learning purposes, under the direction of a senior team member. Qualifications Required Qualifications: Currently pursuing a Bachelor's or Master's degree in Statistics, Econometrics, Computer Science, Electrical or Computer Engineering, or related field. Must have at least one additional quarter/semester of school remaining following the completion of the internship. Candidate must be enrolled in a full time bachelor’s, master’s degree program in area relevant for the role during the academic term immediately before their internship. Preferred Qualifications: Currently pursuing a Master’s degree in Statistics, Econometrics, Computer Science, Electrical or Computer Engineering, or related field. #EiP The base pay range for this internship is USD $5,690.00 - $11,210.00 per month. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $7,410.00 - $12,250.00 per month. Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other compensation. Find additional benefits and pay information here: https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-intern-pay Microsoft accepts applications and processes offers for these roles on an ongoing basis throughout the academic calendar (September - April) This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.f:T151a,Overview Come build community, explore your passions and do your best work at Microsoft with thousands of university interns from every corner of the world. This opportunity will allow you to bring your aspirations, talent, potential – and excitement for the journey ahead. As an Applied Science PhD Intern at Microsoft, you will be at the forefront of technological innovation, working collaboratively to bring research to life in our products and services. You'll gain expertise in cutting-edge research areas, apply advanced concepts to real-world needs, and use state-of-the-art tools to make a tangible impact on product quality and business outcomes. You'll contribute to the creation of intelligent solutions through data analysis, modeling, machine learning, and/or AI, LLM, SLM and agent, ensuring our products remain at the leading edge of innovation. As an intern at Microsoft, you’re stepping into a world of real impact from day one. You’ll collaborate with global teams on meaningful projects, explore cutting-edge technologies like AI, and kick start your career while doing it. With a strong focus on learning and development, this is your opportunity to grow your skills, build community, and shape your future—all while being supported every step of the way. Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate and empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond. Responsibilities Analyze and improve performance of advanced algorithms on large-scale datasets and cutting-edge research in machine intelligence and machine learning applications. Think through the product scenarios and goals, identify key challenges, then fit the scenario asks into Machine Learning (ML) tasks, design experimental process for iteration and optimization. Implement prototypes of scalable systems in AI applications. Gain an understanding of a broad area of research and applicable research techniques, as well as a basic knowledge of industry trends and share your knowledge with immediate team members. Prepare data to be used for analysis by reviewing criteria that reflect quality and technical constraints. Reviews data and suggests data to be included and excluded and be able to describe actions taken to address data quality problems. Assist with the development of usable datasets for modeling purposes and support the scaling of feature ideation and data preparation. Help take cleaned data and adapt for machine learning purposes, under the direction of a senior team member Qualifications Required Qualifications: Currently pursuing a Doctorate Degree in Statistics, Econometrics, Computer Science, Electrical or Computer Engineering, or related field. Must have at least one additional quarter/semester of school remaining following the completion of the internship. Candidate must be enrolled in a full time bachelor's, masters, MBA, or PhD program in area relevant for the role during the academic term immediately before their internship. Preferred Qualifications: Explore product challenges using state of the art solutions. Research publications, coursework, or project experience relevant to search, language models, recommender systems, geospatial or location intelligence, or content and commerce systems. Experience running controlled experiments and interpreting offline and online evaluation metrics. Familiarity with large-scale distributed systems or productionizing applied science solutions. Passion for building AI experiences and an understanding of how AI tools and technologies can be applied to improve relevance, discovery, personalization, and end-user satisfaction. #EiP The base pay range for this internship is USD $6,810.00 - $13,480.00 per month. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $8,920.00 - $14,610.00 per month. Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other compensation. Find additional benefits and pay information here: https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-intern-pay Microsoft accepts applications and processes offers for these roles on an ongoing basis throughout the academic calendar (September - April) This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.10:Teb8,Overview Come build community, explore your passions and do your best work at Microsoft with thousands of University interns from every corner of the world. This opportunity will allow you to bring your aspirations, talent, potential—and excitement for the journey ahead. As a Software Engineering Intern, you will work with teammates to solve problems and build innovative software solutions. You will apply your passion for customers and product quality as you provide technical guidance to Technical Program Managers and Product Managers. You will learn and adopt relevant new technologies, tools, methods, and processes to leverage in your solutions. This opportunity will enable you to advance your career by designing, developing, and testing next-generation software that will empower every person and organization on the planet to achieve more. At Microsoft, Interns work on real-world projects in collaboration with teams across the world, while having fun along the way. You’ll be empowered to build community, explore your passions and achieve your goals. This is your chance to bring your solutions and ideas to life while working on cutting-edge technology. Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate to empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond. Responsibilities Apply engineering principles to solve complex problems through sound and creative engineering. Work with appropriate stakeholders to determine user requirements for a feature. Quickly learn new engineering methods and incorporate them into work processes. Seek feedback and apply internal or industry best practices to improve technical solutions. Demonstrate skill in time management and completing software projects in a cooperative team environment. Review current developments and proactively seek new knowledge that will improve the availability, reliability, efficiency, observability, and performance of products while also driving consistency in monitoring and operations at scale. Qualifications Required Qualifications Currently pursuing Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field Must have at least 1 semester/term remaining following the completion of the internship Programming experience in an object-oriented language Preferred Qualifications Ability to demonstrate an understanding of computer science fundamentals, including data structures and algorithms Familiarity with Kubernetes, Operating Systems, Linux, Virtualization and IP Networking Ability to use development environments and tooling such as VSCode, Git, DevOps, and AI Agents / Copilot This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.11:Td60,NVIDIA has been transforming computer graphics, PC gaming, and accelerated computing for more than 25 years. It’s a unique legacy of innovation that’s fueled by great technology—and amazing people. NVIDIA Research is looking for research interns to join the AI-Aided Engineering (AIE) team. We develop novel AI methods for physical simulation and engineering design, with a focus on neural operators, geometric representations, and large-scale learning. You will work with experienced mentors on research that advances the field and has real-world impact. We tailor internship projects to match interns’ expertise, with opportunities to publish at leading conferences and journals. What you’ll be doing: Research, design, and implement novel AI methods for physical simulation and engineering design. Work collaboratively with your team, mentor and other researchers. Collaborate with product groups to transfer research into practical applications. What we need to see: Pursuing a PhD in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Physics, Engineering, or a related field. Strong research track record and the ability to develop and evaluate new ideas. Excellent Python programming skills and experience with PyTorch or a comparable framework. Excellent communication skills and the ability to work independently and collaboratively. Strong expertise in at least one of the following: Physical simulation and engineering: Deep expertise in areas such as computational fluid dynamics (CFD), including running numerical solvers and analyzing simulation results, or CAD/NURBS-based geometric modeling and geometry processing. Large-scale deep learning model training: A proven track record training large language models, vision transformers, or other large-scale neural networks. Ways to stand out from the crowd: Experience with geometry encoding and learning from meshes, point clouds, or CAD is a strong plus. Experience developing agentic AI systems, particularly for tool use, automated experimentation, or scientific and engineering workflows. If you are creative, autonomous, and excited about advancing AI for science and engineering, we want to hear from you! Widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers, NVIDIA offers highly competitive salaries and a comprehensive benefits package. As you plan your future, see what we can offer to you and your family www.nvidiabenefits.com/ Our internship hourly rates are a standard pay based on the position, your location, year in school, degree, and experience. The hourly rate for our interns is 38 USD - 94 USD. You will also be eligible for Intern benefits. Applications for this job will be accepted at least until October 11, 2026. This posting is for an existing vacancy. NVIDIA uses AI tools in its recruiting processes. NVIDIA is committed to fostering an inclusive work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing. Today, our AI infrastructure powers global intelligence, transforming every industry. Learn more about NVIDIA.12:T158c,Job Details: Job Description: The Role and Impact Join Intel as a Data Science and Analytics Graduate Intern, where you'll dive into analyzing large datasets to uncover meaningful insights that drive business decisions and enhance user experiences across Intel's platforms. In this role, you will contribute to building data models, dashboards, and visualizations while collaborating with cross-functional teams to deliver impactful, data-driven solutions. Through hands-on projects, you'll gain valuable knowledge and practical skills that will prepare you for future career opportunities in data science and analytics. Business group Intel Foundry is at the forefront of innovation, delivering cutting-edge solutions that enable Intel's success in the competitive semiconductor industry. Within Intel Foundry, the LTD Device PDK and Product team works to optimize products and processes by leveraging advanced technology, analytics, and data-driven approaches. This organization plays a key role in supporting Intel's broader mission to shape the future of computing and engineering through collaboration, innovation, and teamwork. Key Responsibilities Collect, analyze, and interpret large datasets to uncover patterns, trends, and actionable insights. Assist in building predictive models, dashboards, and visualizations that support business objectives and improve user experience. Collaborate with data scientists, analysts, and engineers to contribute to data-driven projects and solutions. Apply statistical techniques and programming skills to support storytelling and decision-making processes. Participate in hands-on learning opportunities, gaining real-world experience relevant to Intel's business goals. Qualifications: Minimum Qualifications Pursuing a PhD degree in a relevant field, such as data science, computer science, statistics, Electrical Engineering, Physics, Material Science, Computer Science or scientific field of study directly related to Semiconductor with 0-1 years of hands-on experience in data analytics or programming, demonstrated through internships, academic projects, coursework, or hands-on training. Minimum of 6 months of experience in one or more of the following: Semiconductor materials, fabrication, and device physics Electrical characterization of Semiconductor Devices (transistor, diode, etc.) Familiarity with statistical methods and techniques used for data analysis. Preferred Qualifications Advanced Transistor Device Structures and Device Physics. Process monitoring Test structures design and layout experience. Device and circuit simulation. Statistical Process Control (SPC) or Design of Experiments (DOE) principles and engineering analysis tools experience. Expertise in database structures, research methods, analytics packages (i.e., JMP, MATLAB, Octave), scripting languages (i.e., JSL, Perl, TCL), or programming languages (i.e., Python, SQL, C/C++). Expertise in agentic AI and orchestrated LLM workflows, machine learning, deep learning, Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG), knowledge engineering, and dataflow pipeline architectures. Strong communication and collaboration skills to work effectively in a team environment. Take this exciting opportunity to kick-start your career in data science and analytics while contributing to Intel's cutting-edge work in technology and innovation. Apply today and take the first step toward shaping the future of data-driven solutions. Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, Oregon, Hillsboro Additional Locations: Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $136,998.00-137,002.00 USD The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will require an on-site presence. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process13:T1800,Job Details: Job Description: Intel is seeking an AI Solution Architect Intern to join our AI Platforms team. As an intern, you will work alongside experienced engineers to support AI accelerator platforms, cluster deployments, system validation, and AI workload benchmarking. This role provides hands-on experience across AI infrastructure, system software, cluster operations, firmware debugging, and end-to-end AI solution development. The ideal candidate is passionate about AI systems, computer architecture, Linux, and large-scale computing environments, and enjoys solving complex technical problems. Responsibilities to include: AI Infrastructure and Cluster Operations: Assist in deploying and validating AI accelerator systems and multi-node AI clusters. Support cluster bring-up activities, including system provisioning, software installation, and health verification. Execute performance benchmarks and collect system telemetry. Help troubleshoot system, networking, and software issues in AI environments. System Debugging and Validation: Analyze hardware, firmware, driver, and software logs to identify failures. Assist with validation of BIOS, firmware, and system software configurations. Support development of test plans and automated validation workflows. Participate in root-cause investigations of system performance and stability issues. AI/ML Work loads: Deploy and evaluate AI models using frameworks such as PyTorch and vLLM. Benchmark AI workloads and identify performance bottlenecks. Assist in reproducing customer-reported issues in lab environments. Contribute to optimization studies for AI inference and training workloads. Automation and Tool Development: Develop Python-based tools to automate testing, monitoring, and data collection. Create dashboards, scripts, and utilities for cluster management and diagnostics. Contribute to documentation, runbooks, and technical knowledge bases. End-to-End AI Solutions Participate in building end-to-end AI solutions, such as generative AI, agentic AI, computer vision, robotics, or intelligent automation projects. Work with cross-functional teams to integrate hardware, software, AI models, and applications into complete solutions. Qualifications: Minimum Qualifications Currently pursuing a Bachelor's degree in: Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Data Science, or AI/ML or related fields Experience with Python programming. Familiarity with Linux command line and system administration concepts. Understanding of computer architecture, operating systems, networking, or distributed systems. Demonstrated ability to solve complex engineering or technical problems through coursework, research, personal projects, robotics competitions, hackathons, open-source contributions, or previous internships. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills. Ability to work independently and collaborate in a team environment. Preferred Qualifications - Technical Skills - Experience with: Python, C/C++, or Bash scripting Linux environments Git and software development workflows Docker or containerized applications Familiarity with: • PyTorch, vLLM, SGlang, Llama.CPP • RAG, agentic AI, or generative AI applications • Cloud or cluster computing environments • GPU or AI accelerator technologies Project Experience - Coursework, research, personal projects, or internships involving: AI/ML applications Robotics systems Autonomous systems Computer vision Distributed computing High-performance computing (HPC) End-to-end AI solution development Soft Skills: Strong communication and presentation skills. Curiosity and willingness to learn new technologies. Ability to diagnose problems systematically and communicate findings clearly. What You Will Learn: AI accelerator and cluster architecture AI infrastructure deployment and operations System-level debugging and performance optimization AI model deployment and benchmarking Automation, monitoring, and validation frameworks Customer-facing AI solution development and deployment best practices Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, Oregon, Hillsboro Additional Locations: Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $118,898.00-118,902.00 USD (Hourly Role) The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will require an on-site presence. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process14:T1249,Job Details: Job Description: The Role and Impact As a Module Engineering PhD Intern, you will actively contribute to the development and implementation of manufacturing processes within a specific module in semiconductor manufacturing. Your day-to-day activities will include supporting equipment troubleshooting, maintenance, and qualification, while exploring process optimization opportunities to ensure production targets are met. This hands-on internship will provide you with invaluable experience and help you build skills in a collaborative and growth-oriented environment. Business group Intel Foundry is dedicated to advancing semiconductor manufacturing and delivering innovative solutions to customers worldwide. As part of this organization, you will join a team focused on improving manufacturing processes and equipment performance, supporting Intel's broader goals of driving technological excellence in the industry. The group fosters an environment of collaboration and innovation, empowering individuals to contribute meaningfully to Intel's success. Key Responsibilities Assist in developing and refining manufacturing processes for semiconductor modules. Support equipment troubleshooting, maintenance, and qualification activities to ensure optimal performance. Collaborate with engineering teams to optimize process control methodologies and enhance production efficiency. Work on projects that address real-world manufacturing challenges, applying your technical knowledge and research skills. Participate in learning opportunities and build skills to explore future career paths in semiconductor manufacturing. Qualifications: Minimum Qualifications Actively pursuing Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) Degree in Physics, Material Science, Chemistry, Chemical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, or a related field. Demonstrated skills through academic research, coursework, or hands-on training in areas such as semiconductor processing, manufacturing equipment, or advanced materials. Familiarity with process control techniques and methodologies. Technical proficiency in analyzing data and identifying process optimization opportunities. Preferred Qualifications Hands-on experience using and maintaining scientific equipment, research experience, experimental and data analysis expertise. Semiconductor device research, development or characterization experience This is your opportunity to gain hands-on experience, explore career possibilities, and contribute to impactful projects within Intel's dynamic and innovative semiconductor manufacturing environment. Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, Oregon, Hillsboro Additional Locations: Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $120,898.00-120,902.00 USD The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will require an on-site presence. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process15:T1667,Overview Bring your passion for innovation and research to a team at the forefront of artificial intelligence and machine learning. If you’re eager to make significant contributions across user engagement, intelligent experiences, and real product scenarios, this opportunity within Microsoft AI Content, Commerce, & Monetization (CCM), Search Fundamentals, Search Experiences, or Search Places will excite you. As an Applied Scientist PhD Intern, you will apply your expertise in areas such as supervised and unsupervised learning, deep learning (especially transformers and sequence modeling), reinforcement learning for optimizing user outcomes, and advanced data science techniques. You’ll translate complex business challenges—spanning search, personalization, natural language processing, computer vision, and recommendation systems—into practical, impactful solutions using Azure and other cloud-based technologies. Your experience with statistical analysis, hypothesis testing, large datasets, and deploying robust data pipelines will be valued as you drive research into production. This role allows you to shape the future of Copilot and intelligent content, influencing Microsoft's direction as you directly support our overarching mission and vision. At Microsoft, our mission to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more guides how we partner with customers to deliver trusted, impactful solutions. With a growth‑mindset culture, we innovate responsibly and measure success by shared progress, people, teams, and customers. Join us to do meaningful work that changes the world and helps shape what’s next for everyone. Responsibilities Analyze and improve advanced machine learning algorithms and systems at scale, optimizing performance across large, complex datasets. Translate product scenarios and user needs into applied ML problems; design and execute experiments to validate, iterate, and optimize solutions. Develop and scale models for search, ranking, recommendations, retrieval, and language understanding using modern AI techniques (e.g., deep learning, reinforcement learning, probabilistic methods). Prepare, clean, and curate high-quality datasets—identifying data quality issues, defining inclusion criteria, and enabling robust feature development. Build and enhance data and ML pipelines (data collection, preparation, modeling), applying statistical methods to validate assumptions and evaluate model performance. Collaborate cross-functionally with scientists, engineers, and product stakeholders to iterate on ideas and deliver real-world, product-integrated solutions. Communicate technical insights and experimental results clearly, while continuously incorporating emerging research, tools, and industry trends to improve solution quality and efficiency. Qualifications Required Qualifications Currently pursuing a Doctorate Degree in Statistics, Econometrics, Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, Electrical or Computer Engineering, or related field. Must have at least one additional quarter/semester of school remaining following the completion of the internship. Candidate must be enrolled in a full time PhD program in area relevant for the role during the academic term immediately before their internship. Preferred Qualifications Bachelor's Degree in Statistics, Econometrics, Computer Science, Electrical or Computer Engineering, or related field AND 2+ years related experience (e.g., statistics, predictive analytics, research) Master's Degree in Statistics, Econometrics, Computer Science, Electrical or Computer Engineering, or related field Equivalent experience. Explore product challenges using state of the art solutions. Research publications, coursework, or project experience relevant to search, language models, recommender systems, geospatial or location intelligence, or content and commerce systems. Experience running controlled experiments and interpreting offline and online evaluation metrics. Familiarity with large-scale distributed systems or productionizing applied science solutions. Passion for building AI experiences that improve relevance, discovery, personalization, and end-user satisfaction. #EiP The base pay range for this internship is USD $6,810.00 - $13,480.00 per month. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $8,920.00 - $14,610.00 per month. Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other compensation. Find additional benefits and pay information here: https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-intern-pay Microsoft accepts applications and processes offers for these roles on an ongoing basis throughout the academic calendar (September - April) This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.16:Tef3,NVIDIA has been transforming computer graphics and accelerated computing for more than 25 years. It’s a unique legacy of innovation that’s fueled by great technology—and amazing people. Today, we’re tapping into the unlimited potential of AI to define the next era of computing. An era in which our GPU acts as the brains of computers, robots, and self-driving cars that can understand the world. Doing what’s never been done before takes vision, innovation, and the world’s best talent. As an NVIDIAn, you’ll be immersed in a diverse, supportive environment where everyone is inspired to do their best work. Come join the team and see how you can make a lasting impact on the world. We, the Human Performance and Experience (HPX) team at NVIDIA Research, strive to lead AI innovation by deeply understanding humans. We are looking for individuals who are passionate about cross-disciplinary research in vision between humans and machines. We expect candidates with backgrounds in computer vision, human vision science, robotic vision, and related fields to be well-suited to this position. You will be working in a team of research scientists and engineers from varied backgrounds and closely collaborating with product engineers. Join us in transforming the future of AI and human interaction. What you’ll be doing: Decompose research questions into smaller, more manageable parts and tackle them in iterative steps. Think critically to identify unseen gaps, and creatively bridge them with non-traditional, high-impact solutions. Connect with researchers and product engineers to ground research findings in real-world problems. Lead knowledge dissemination effort, with options for conference, journal, and in-house publication. What we need to see: Currently pursuing a Ph.D. or equivalent academic program, demonstrated by a track record of research and publications. Deep interest in gaming and/or human behavior in related application domains. Training or systematic knowledge and skill in the field of Cognitive Science, Neuroscience, Computer Science/Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or related fields. Proficiency with Python, Rust, and/or C++. Experience with AI model training and evaluation frameworks, like PyTorch. Ways to stand out from the crowd: Experience with quantitatively modeling human perception, cognition, movement, and/or decision-making. Comfortable with modern software development, version-control systems, like git(hub/lab). Experience with multi-node, multi-GPU training and inference workflows. Familiarity with and interest in modern deep learning models, including working with large-scale, multi-modal foundation models (such as recent LLMs, VLMs). Demonstrated public portfolio (e.g. repositories, OSS contributions, notebooks, packages, or technical blog posts with code). Our internship hourly rates are a standard pay based on the position, your location, year in school, degree, and experience. The hourly rate for our interns is 38 USD - 94 USD. You will also be eligible for Intern benefits. Applications for this job will be accepted at least until October 10, 2026. This posting is for an existing vacancy. NVIDIA uses AI tools in its recruiting processes. NVIDIA is committed to fostering an inclusive work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing. Today, our AI infrastructure powers global intelligence, transforming every industry. Learn more about NVIDIA.17:Td0a,Today, NVIDIA is tapping into the unlimited potential of AI to define the next era of computing. An era in which our GPU acts as the brains of computers, robots, and self-driving cars that can understand the world. Doing what’s never been done before takes vision, innovation, and the world’s best talent. As an NVIDIAN, you’ll be immersed in an inclusive, encouraging environment where everyone is inspired to do their best work. Come join the team and see how we can make a lasting impact on the world. We are seeking to hire a PCIe Design Verification Intern in a six month role, working from February 2027 - August 2027. In this role you will work in an SV/UVM test-bench, verifying PCIe and CXL hardware functionality and performance. Responsibilities may include enablement of new features (coding and debug), coding of coverage or checkers, simulation performance measuring/analysis/improvement, or automation of engineering processes and tools. What you’ll be doing: Develop directed or random diagnostics to validate the processor Instruction Set Architecture (ISA), reference models, C simulation models, RTL models, HW emulators and real hardware. Write and review validation test plans. Debug of diagnostics on various platforms Collaborate with a worldwide team of engineers on planning, development, and deployment. What we need to see: Pursuing a BS or MS in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or related degree. Exposure to computer architecture, ASIC design, or verification methodology is required. Familiarity with Object Oriented programing and/or SystemVerilog Previous scripting experience in Python or Perl. Ways to stand out from the crowd: Passionate about solving problems You're experienced with directed and random functional testing including writing test plans Familiar with automation of build, test, and other engineering processes Experience with hardware simulation and waveform debug tools NVIDIA is widely considered one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We employ some of the most forward-thinking and talented people in the world. Are you passionate about joining our life work to amplify human imagination and intelligence? If you are creative, collaborative, and have a real passion for design methodology and automation, we want to hear from you! Our internship hourly rates are a standard pay based on the position, your location, year in school, degree, and experience. The hourly rate for our interns is 20 USD - 71 USD. You will also be eligible for Intern benefits. Applications for this job will be accepted at least until October 10, 2026. This posting is for an existing vacancy. NVIDIA uses AI tools in its recruiting processes. NVIDIA is committed to fostering an inclusive work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing. Today, our AI infrastructure powers global intelligence, transforming every industry. Learn more about NVIDIA.18:Td07,Today, NVIDIA is tapping into the unlimited potential of AI to define the next era of computing. An era in which our GPU acts as the brains of computers, robots, and self-driving cars that can understand the world. Doing what’s never been done before takes vision, innovation, and the world’s best talent. As an NVIDIAN, you’ll be immersed in an inclusive, encouraging environment where everyone is inspired to do their best work. Come join the team and see how we can make a lasting impact on the world. We are seeking to hire a PCIe Design Verification Intern in a six month role, working from May 2027 - December 2027. In this role you will work in an SV/UVM test-bench, verifying PCIe and CXL hardware functionality and performance. Responsibilities may include enablement of new features (coding and debug), coding of coverage or checkers, simulation performance measuring/analysis/improvement, or automation of engineering processes and tools. What you’ll be doing: Develop directed or random diagnostics to validate the processor Instruction Set Architecture (ISA), reference models, C simulation models, RTL models, HW emulators and real hardware. Write and review validation test plans. Debug of diagnostics on various platforms Collaborate with a worldwide team of engineers on planning, development, and deployment. What we need to see: Pursuing a BS or MS in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or related degree. Exposure to computer architecture, ASIC design, or verification methodology is required. Familiarity with Object Oriented programing and/or SystemVerilog Previous scripting experience in Python or Perl. Ways to stand out from the crowd: Passionate about solving problems You're experienced with directed and random functional testing including writing test plans Familiar with automation of build, test, and other engineering processes Experience with hardware simulation and waveform debug tools NVIDIA is widely considered one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We employ some of the most forward-thinking and talented people in the world. Are you passionate about joining our life work to amplify human imagination and intelligence? If you are creative, collaborative, and have a real passion for design methodology and automation, we want to hear from you! Our internship hourly rates are a standard pay based on the position, your location, year in school, degree, and experience. The hourly rate for our interns is 20 USD - 71 USD. You will also be eligible for Intern benefits. Applications for this job will be accepted at least until October 10, 2026. This posting is for an existing vacancy. NVIDIA uses AI tools in its recruiting processes. NVIDIA is committed to fostering an inclusive work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing. Today, our AI infrastructure powers global intelligence, transforming every industry. Learn more about NVIDIA.19:T13de,Job Details: Job Description: The Role and Impact As a Module Engineering PhD Intern, you will contribute to the optimization and development of manufacturing processes for a specific module within semiconductor production. Your day-to-day responsibilities will involve sustaining and improving manufacturing equipment, troubleshooting issues, and supporting qualification activities. This hands-on internship offers a unique opportunity to apply your academic knowledge, gain practical skills, and explore career possibilities in a dynamic and innovative environment. Business group Intel Foundry aims to advance semiconductor manufacturing technologies and deliver cutting-edge solutions to meet customer needs globally. As part of this organization, you will join a team dedicated to enhancing manufacturing processes and sustaining high-performance equipment, enabling Intel's broader mission of technological excellence. Working in this collaborative environment offers a chance to contribute to groundbreaking innovations in semiconductor production. Key Responsibilities Support the development and implementation of semiconductor manufacturing processes for a specific module. Sustain and improve manufacturing equipment performance to ensure operational reliability and efficiency. Assist in troubleshooting equipment issues and performing qualification activities to meet production standards. Collaborate with engineering teams to enhance process control methodologies and achieve production goals. Apply statistical analysis and design experimental methodologies to improve process reliability and throughput. Gain hands-on experience with materials and device characterization techniques, such as SEM and TEM. Contribute to continuous improvement initiatives for process control systems and methodologies. Qualifications: Minimum Qualifications Ph.D. degree in progress in Materials Science, Chemical Engineering, Chemistry, Physics, Electrical Engineering, or another STEM-related field. Knowledge of semiconductor processing fundamentals, including lithography, etching, polishing, and deposition techniques. Familiarity with statistical data analysis and experimental design methodologies. Experience in materials and physical device characterization techniques, such as SEM or TEM, gained through coursework, academic research, or hands-on training. Familiarity with process control techniques and methodologies. Preferred Qualifications PhD student 3rd or 4th year; experience with thin film deposition and characterization. Hands-on experience using and maintaining scientific equipment, research experience, experimental and data analysis expertise. Semiconductor device research, development or characterization experience This internship provides a unique opportunity to collaborate, innovate, and gain impactful hands-on experience in semiconductor manufacturing. If you are passionate about advancing technology and exploring meaningful career opportunities, we encourage you to apply today. Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, Oregon, Hillsboro Additional Locations: Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $120,898.00-120,902.00 USD The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will require an on-site presence. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process1a:Tff8,Overview Come build community, explore your passions and do your best work at Microsoft with thousands of University interns from every corner of the world. This opportunity will allow you to bring your aspirations, talent, potential—and excitement for the journey ahead. As a Firmware Engineer Intern at Microsoft, you’ll work at the intersection of hardware and software, developing low-level code that enables devices, platforms, and datacenter systems to function reliably and efficiently. You’ll collaborate with experienced engineers across hardware, silicon, and system design teams to build, test, and debug firmware that powers Microsoft products. At Microsoft, Interns work on real-world projects in collaboration with teams across the world, while having fun along the way. You’ll be empowered to build community, explore your passions and achieve your goals. This is your chance to bring your solutions and ideas to life while working on cutting-edge technology. Academic credit may be available through the Microsoft Intern Program; university-specific requirements beyond academic credit are not supported. This internship opportunity begins 1 Feb, 2027 and spans a six-month period. Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate to empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond. #EiP Responsibilities Designs, develops, and debugs embedded software in C/C++ that implements the data plane & control plane for Layer 2-7 networking. Implements firmware features based on product and system requirements in collaboration with cross-functional engineering partners. Contributes to developer tests and system-level testing to ensure software quality and reliability. Qualifications Required qualifications: Currently pursuing a Bachelor's Degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or related field. Must have at least one additional quarter/semester of school remaining following the completion of the internship. Additional or Preferred qualifications: Bachelor's Degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, or related field AND 1+ years technical engineering experience OR Master's Degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, or related field OR equivalent experience. The base pay range for this internship is USD $5,690.00 - $11,210.00 per month. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $7,410.00 - $12,250.00 per month. Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other compensation. Find additional benefits and pay information here: https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-intern-pay Microsoft accepts applications and processes offers for these roles on an ongoing basis throughout the academic calendar (September - April) This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.1b:Tf84,NVIDIA is searching for an outstanding PhD intern working on efficient deep learning to join the Deep Learning Efficiency Research (DLER) team. We are passionate about research that pushes boundaries but also has impact in the real world. The team has two core focuses: (1) efficient diffusion language models and multimodal generative models, and (2) efficient agentic AI with hybrid inference orchestration across cloud and edge. We are also excited about post-training model optimization (pruning, quantization, NAS), efficient architecture design, adaptive/dynamic inference, and resource-efficient training and finetuning. You will work within an amazing and collaborative research team that consistently publishes at the top venues in computer vision and machine learning. Our existing expertise includes computer vision, deep learning, generative models, diffusion LLMs, multimodal models, and hybrid cloud–edge agentic systems. Your contributions have the chance to create real impact on our products. What you'll be doing: Research, design, and implement novel methods for efficient deep learning in one or both of the team’s focus areas: Diffusion LLMs and multimodal models — sampling efficiency, adaptive unmasking, self-speculation / parallel decoding, training and distillation pipelines, and multimodal generation. Efficient agentic AI — hybrid inference orchestration across cloud and edge, routing and scheduling policies, on-device vs. cloud expert delegation, and resource-aware agent loops. Publish original research. Collaborate with other team members and teams. Work with product groups to transfer technology. Collaborate with external researchers. What we need to see: Pursuing a Ph.D. in Computer Science/Engineering, Electrical Engineering, etc. Excellent knowledge of theory and practice of machine learning and deep learning. Experience with large language models, diffusion language models, multimodal / vision-language models, or agentic systems is required. Hands-on experience with large-scale model training including data preparation and model parallelization (tensor and pipeline) is required. Outstanding research track record with at least one top-tier conference (ICML, ICLR, NeurIPS, CVPR, ICCV, etc.). Excellent communication skills. Ways to stand out from the crowd: Parallel programming (e.g., CUDA). Interest or experience in hybrid cloud–edge inference, orchestration, or adaptive routing. Background in pruning, quantization, NAS, or efficient backbones. NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers with competitive salaries and a generous benefits package, we have some of the most forward-thinking and hardworking people in the world working for us. And, due to unprecedented growth, our best-in-class engineering teams are rapidly growing. If you're a creative and autonomous engineer with a real passion for computer architecture and technology, we want to hear from you! Our internship hourly rates are a standard pay based on the position, your location, year in school, degree, and experience. The hourly rate for our interns is 38 USD - 94 USD. You will also be eligible for Intern benefits. Applications for this job will be accepted at least until October 9, 2026. This posting is for an existing vacancy. NVIDIA uses AI tools in its recruiting processes. NVIDIA is committed to fostering an inclusive work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing. Today, our AI infrastructure powers global intelligence, transforming every industry. Learn more about NVIDIA.1c:T180a,Job Details: Job Description: Intel is seeking an AI Infrastructure Solution Architect Intern to join our AI Platforms team. As an intern, you will work alongside experienced engineers to support AI accelerator platforms, cluster deployments, system validation, and AI workload benchmarking. This role provides hands-on experience across AI infrastructure, system software, cluster operations, firmware debugging, and end-to-end AI solution development. The ideal candidate is passionate about AI systems, computer architecture, Linux, and large-scale computing environments, and enjoys solving complex technical problems. Responsibilities AI Infrastructure and Cluster Operations: Assist in deploying and validating AI accelerator systems and multi-node AI clusters. Support cluster bring-up activities, including system provisioning, software installation, and health verification. Execute performance benchmarks and collect system telemetry. Help troubleshoot system, networking, and software issues in AI environments. System Debugging and Validation: Analyze hardware, firmware, driver, and software logs to identify failures. Assist with validation of BIOS, firmware, and system software configurations. Support development of test plans and automated validation workflows. Participate in root-cause investigations of system performance and stability issues. AI/ML Workloads Deploy and evaluate AI models using frameworks such as PyTorch and vLLM. Benchmark AI workloads and identify performance bottlenecks. Assist in reproducing customer-reported issues in lab environments. Contribute to optimization studies for AI inference and training workloads. Automation and Tool Development: Develop Python-based tools to automate testing, monitoring, and data collection. Create dashboards, scripts, and utilities for cluster management and diagnostics. Contribute to documentation, runbooks, and technical knowledge bases. End-to-End AI Solutions Participate in building end-to-end AI solutions, such as generative AI, agentic AI, computer vision, robotics, or intelligent automation projects. Work with cross-functional teams to integrate hardware, software, AI models, and applications into complete solutions. Qualifications: Minimum Qualifications Currently pursuing Master's in: Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Data Science, or AI/ML or related fields Experience with Python programming. Familiarity with Linux command line and system administration concepts. Understanding of computer architecture, operating systems, networking, or distributed systems. Demonstrated ability to solve complex engineering or technical problems through coursework, research, personal projects, robotics competitions, hackathons, open-source contributions, or previous internships. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills. Ability to work independently and collaborate in a team environment. Preferred Qualifications Technical Skills - Experience with: Python, C/C++, or Bash scripting Linux/Unix environments Git and software development workflows Docker or containerized applications Familiarity with: PyTorch, TensorFlow, or other AI frameworks LLMs, RAG, agentic AI, or generative AI applications Cloud or cluster computing environments GPU or AI accelerator technologies Project Experience - Coursework, research, personal projects, or internships involving: AI/ML applications Robotics systems Autonomous systems Computer vision Distributed computing High-performance computing (HPC) End-to-end AI solution development Soft Skills: Strong communication and presentation skills. Curiosity and willingness to learn new technologies. Ability to diagnose problems systematically and communicate findings clearly. What You Will Learn: • AI accelerator and cluster architecture • AI infrastructure deployment and operations • System-level debugging and performance optimization • AI model deployment and benchmarking • Automation, monitoring, and validation frameworks • Customer-facing AI solution development and deployment best practices Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, California, Santa Clara Additional Locations: Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $133,498.00-133,502.00 USD The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will require an on-site presence. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process1d:T180a,Job Details: Job Description: Intel is seeking an AI Infrastructure Solution Architect Intern to join our AI Platforms team. As an intern, you will work alongside experienced engineers to support AI accelerator platforms, cluster deployments, system validation, and AI workload benchmarking. This role provides hands-on experience across AI infrastructure, system software, cluster operations, firmware debugging, and end-to-end AI solution development. The ideal candidate is passionate about AI systems, computer architecture, Linux, and large-scale computing environments, and enjoys solving complex technical problems. Responsibilities AI Infrastructure and Cluster Operations: Assist in deploying and validating AI accelerator systems and multi-node AI clusters. Support cluster bring-up activities, including system provisioning, software installation, and health verification. Execute performance benchmarks and collect system telemetry. Help troubleshoot system, networking, and software issues in AI environments. System Debugging and Validation: Analyze hardware, firmware, driver, and software logs to identify failures. Assist with validation of BIOS, firmware, and system software configurations. Support development of test plans and automated validation workflows. Participate in root-cause investigations of system performance and stability issues. AI/ML Workloads Deploy and evaluate AI models using frameworks such as PyTorch and vLLM. Benchmark AI workloads and identify performance bottlenecks. Assist in reproducing customer-reported issues in lab environments. Contribute to optimization studies for AI inference and training workloads. Automation and Tool Development: Develop Python-based tools to automate testing, monitoring, and data collection. Create dashboards, scripts, and utilities for cluster management and diagnostics. Contribute to documentation, runbooks, and technical knowledge bases. End-to-End AI Solutions Participate in building end-to-end AI solutions, such as generative AI, agentic AI, computer vision, robotics, or intelligent automation projects. Work with cross-functional teams to integrate hardware, software, AI models, and applications into complete solutions. Qualifications: Minimum Qualifications Currently pursuing Master's in: Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Data Science, or AI/ML or related fields Experience with Python programming. Familiarity with Linux command line and system administration concepts. Understanding of computer architecture, operating systems, networking, or distributed systems. Demonstrated ability to solve complex engineering or technical problems through coursework, research, personal projects, robotics competitions, hackathons, open-source contributions, or previous internships. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills. Ability to work independently and collaborate in a team environment. Preferred Qualifications Technical Skills - Experience with: Python, C/C++, or Bash scripting Linux/Unix environments Git and software development workflows Docker or containerized applications Familiarity with: PyTorch, TensorFlow, or other AI frameworks LLMs, RAG, agentic AI, or generative AI applications Cloud or cluster computing environments GPU or AI accelerator technologies Project Experience - Coursework, research, personal projects, or internships involving: AI/ML applications Robotics systems Autonomous systems Computer vision Distributed computing High-performance computing (HPC) End-to-end AI solution development Soft Skills: Strong communication and presentation skills. Curiosity and willingness to learn new technologies. Ability to diagnose problems systematically and communicate findings clearly. What You Will Learn: • AI accelerator and cluster architecture • AI infrastructure deployment and operations • System-level debugging and performance optimization • AI model deployment and benchmarking • Automation, monitoring, and validation frameworks • Customer-facing AI solution development and deployment best practices Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, California, Santa Clara Additional Locations: Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $133,498.00-133,502.00 USD The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will require an on-site presence. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process1e:T102f,Job Details: Job Description: Contributes to module process development, process integration flows, and equipment configuration for manufacturing modules. Supports yield improvement initiatives by analyzing defect data, conducting experiments, and assisting in risk assessments. Electrcial characterization of transistors and analysis of data to help yield or improved process conditions. Collaborates with engineering teams to optimize metrology strategies and troubleshoot process flow issues. Contributes to continuous improvement efforts in high volume manufacturing environments. As an intern, learns and applies knowledge, builds skills, and explores future career opportunities through hands on experience and projects that support Intel business goals in a collaborative environment Qualifications: You must possess the below minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position. Preferred qualifications are in addition to the minimum qualifications and are considered a plus factor in identifying top candidates. Experience listed below would be obtained through a combination of your schoolwork, classes, research, relevant previous job, and/or internship experiences. Minimum qualifications: Must be pursuing a PhD degree in a hard science discipline such as Electrical Engineering, Physics, Materials Science. Research related to semiconductor materials Preferred qualifications: Track record of role modelling safety in the lab environment. Semiconductor process knowledge Willing to work in a lab and clean room environment, with safety equipment such as glasses and gloves and transistor characterization Device test and data analysis, experience with DLTS Experience measuring devices on a cryo-prober Semiconductor device physics knowledge GPA 3.0 or higher Join us at Intel to contribute to technological advancements while building a rewarding and impactful career. Apply now to be a part of our extraordinary journey. Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, Oregon, Hillsboro Additional Locations: Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $120,898.00-120,902.00 USD The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will be eligible for our hybrid work model which allows employees to split their time between working on-site at their assigned Intel site and off-site. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process1f:T11df,Job Details: Job Description: The Role and Impact As a 2027 Physical Design Engineering Graduate Intern, you will contribute to the physical implementation of silicon designs to create manufacturing-ready solutions. Your day-to-day work will involve tasks such as synthesis, place and route, timing analysis, clocking, and/or integration. By assisting in verification and signoff activities, you will ensure manufacturability and performance compliance, directly supporting Intel's broader innovation goals. Business group The Data Center Group (DCG) is at the forefront of transforming data-centric technologies by delivering solutions that power Intel's silicon and platform advancements. Focused on high-performance computing, storage, and connectivity, DCG plays a vital role in shaping Intel's impact across industries, enabling scalable, automated, and impactful designs for modern infrastructure challenges. January 2027 - August 2027 Ideal candidate is local to Folsom area or will arrange for a semester away. Relocation is available. Key Responsibilities - Support physical design implementation, including synthesis, place and route, and integration. - Conduct timing analysis and clocking to optimize design performance. - Assist in verification and signoff activities to ensure manufacturability and compliance. - Collaborate with cross-functional teams to enhance design scalability and automation. - Learn and apply knowledge through hands-on tasks and projects aligned with Intel's goals. Qualifications: Minimum Qualifications Pursuing a Master's degree in Electrical Engineering (EE), Computer Engineering (CE), or a related field. Coursework, academic projects, or research experience in digital integrated circuit design and VLSI physical design. Fundamental knowledge of logic synthesis, place and route, and static timing analysis (STA). Experience with one or more scripting/programming languages such as Perl, Tcl, or Python. Understanding of semiconductor design flows and ASIC/SoC implementation concepts. Preferred Qualifications Experience with synthesis, place and route, and timing analysis. Knowledge of low-power design techniques and PPA optimization. Programming experience with Perl, Tcl, and/or Python. Familiarity with ASIC/SoC physical design flows and EDA tools. Experience from coursework, research, or projects in VLSI or semiconductor design. Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, California, Folsom Additional Locations: Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $105,698.00-105,702.00 USD The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will be eligible for our hybrid work model which allows employees to split their time between working on-site at their assigned Intel site and off-site. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process20:T1380,Job Details: Job Description: The Role and Impact As a Module Engineering PhD Intern, you will play a key role in developing and optimizing semiconductor manufacturing processes for a specific module. You will gain hands-on experience by sustaining and improving manufacturing equipment, troubleshooting issues, and supporting qualification activities. This internship offers a unique opportunity to apply your academic knowledge, build practical skills, and contribute to real-world projects in a dynamic environment that fosters growth and innovation. Business Group Intel Foundry is focused on advancing semiconductor manufacturing technologies and delivering innovative solutions to meet customer needs worldwide. As part of this organization, you will join a group dedicated to sustaining high-performance manufacturing processes and driving process optimization to support Intel's broader mission of technological excellence. Key Responsibilities Support the development and implementation of manufacturing processes for a specific module in semiconductor production. Sustain and enhance manufacturing equipment performance to ensure operational reliability and efficiency. Assist in troubleshooting equipment issues and performing qualification activities to achieve production standards. Collaborate with engineering teams to optimize process control methodologies and enhance process efficiency. Apply statistical analysis and experimental design to improve process reliability and throughput. Gain hands-on experience with materials and device characterization techniques, such as SEM and TEM. Contribute to continuous improvement initiatives for process control systems and methodologies. Qualifications: Minimum Qualifications Currently pursuing a Ph.D. degree in Materials Science, Chemical Engineering, Chemistry, Physics, Electrical Engineering, or another STEM-related field. Knowledge of semiconductor processing fundamentals, including lithography, etching, polishing, and deposition techniques. Familiarity with statistical data analysis and experimental design methodologies. Experience in materials and physical device characterization techniques like SEM or TEM, gained through coursework, academic research, or hands-on training. Preferred Qualifications Expertise in advanced semiconductor device structures, fabrication techniques, and process integration. Proficiency in statistical analysis tools and programming languages such as JMP, Python, MATLAB, or C++. Hands-on research experience in device fabrication, physical characterization, or materials testing. Strong foundational knowledge in process control systems and semiconductor device physics. Explore the opportunity to grow your expertise in cutting-edge semiconductor manufacturing while contributing to innovative solutions in a collaborative environment. Apply today and take the first step toward shaping the future of technology. Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, Oregon, Hillsboro Additional Locations: Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $120,898.00-120,902.00 USD The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will require an on-site presence. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process21:T3a96,Overview English follows French Nous recrutons pour plusieurs stages de 6 mois qui débuteront en janvier 2027 . Aperçu du poste: Conformément aux valeurs de Microsoft, nous nous engageons à créer un environnement de travail inclusif pour tous les employés, afin d’avoir un impact positif sur notre culture au quotidien. Dans ce contexte, nous recherchons des stagiaires technicien(ne)s en environnement critique de centre de données (CET). L’équipe Cloud Operations & Innovation (CO+I) de Microsoft est au cœur de nos services infonuagiques. À titre de stagiaire CET, vous jouerez un rôle clé dans la prestation de l’infrastructure de base et des technologies fondamentales qui soutiennent les services en ligne de Microsoft, notamment Bing, Microsoft 365, Xbox, OneDrive et la plateforme Microsoft Azure. CO+I met fortement l’accent sur le développement personnel et professionnel de ses employés et offre diverses formations et occasions de croissance, notamment des programmes de rotation de carrière, des formations et événements en diversité et inclusion, ainsi que des certifications professionnelles. Notre infrastructure comprend un vaste portefeuille mondial de plus de 100 centres de données et plus d’un million de serveurs. Elle repose sur une équipe d’experts travaillant à soutenir des services destinés à plus d’un milliard de clients et 20 millions d’entreprises dans plus de 90 pays. En plaçant la durabilité environnementale et l’optimisation au cœur de la conception et des opérations de nos centres de données, nous continuons d’évoluer pour répondre aux besoins d’affaires en constante évolution, tout en maintenant la position de Microsoft comme fournisseur de services infonuagiques de classe mondiale. Souhaitez-vous contribuer à donner les moyens d’agir à des milliards de personnes à travers le monde? Joignez-vous à CO+I et participez activement à cette mission! La mission de Microsoft est de permettre à chaque personne et à chaque organisation sur la planète d’accomplir davantage. En tant qu’employés, nous nous réunissons avec un état d’esprit de croissance, innovons pour autonomiser les autres et collaborons pour réaliser nos objectifs communs. Chaque jour, nous nous appuyons sur nos valeurs de respect, d’intégrité et de responsabilité pour créer une culture d’inclusion où chacun peut s’épanouir au travail et au-delà. Responsabilités : Apprendre à utiliser tous les systèmes et équipements de manière sécuritaire et professionnelle, ainsi qu’à comprendre les risques associés, avec la possibilité d’obtenir la certification Microsoft CET niveau 1. Effectuer la surveillance et l’inspection de base des équipements des environnements critiques, des installations et des terrains afin de détecter toute condition anormale ou non sécuritaire, ainsi que le suivi de base du rendement des opérations et de la maintenance des équipements (p. ex., électriques, mécaniques, systèmes de protection incendie et de sécurité des personnes) au sein du centre de données. Utiliser le système informatisé de gestion de la maintenance (GMAO/CMMS) pour assurer le suivi des actifs et créer des demandes d’intervention pour les travaux de maintenance. Soutenir de façon sécuritaire la surveillance et les interventions d’urgence en réponse à diverses conditions anormales, sous supervision et conformément aux procédures d’exploitation d’urgence (EOP). Recueillir les informations nécessaires et participer à la documentation des incidents (chronologies, analyses des causes fondamentales et mesures correctives) à la suite de conditions anormales, au besoin. Effectuer différents types de maintenance (p. ex., préventive, prédictive, corrective) selon les tâches assignées, en respectant les méthodes d’exécution (MOP) et les procédures d’exploitation normalisées (SOP); fournir du soutien en préparant le matériel et en réalisant des tâches administratives selon les directives. Documenter les tâches et les problèmes identifiés lors des activités de maintenance et de dépannage afin d’assurer le suivi requis et effectuer les escalades appropriées. Incarner notre culture et nos valeurs . Qualifications requises : Diplôme d’études secondaires ou équivalent. Connaissance de base des systèmes électriques et/ou mécaniques. Être âgé(e) d’au moins 18 ans. Être inscrit(e) ou avoir complété des études d'un établissement d’enseignement technique (collège/centre de formation). Microsoft s'engage à préserver la langue française et à promouvoir son usage dans le cadre professionnel le cas échéant. Cependant, pour ce rôle en particulier, la maîtrise de l’anglais est une exigence professionnelle justifiée en raison des tâches techniques et spécialisées nécessitant l’utilisation de l'anglais afin de répondre aux besoins des clients tout en travaillant de manière intégrée avec des collègues du monde entier. La maîtrise de la communication orale et écrite en français est considérée comme un atout. Exigences en matière de vérification des antécédents : La capacité de satisfaire aux exigences de vérification de sécurité de Microsoft, de ses clients et/ou des autorités gouvernementales est requise pour ce poste. Ces exigences comprennent, sans s’y limiter, les vérifications spécialisées suivantes : Vérification des antécédents Microsoft Cloud : Ce poste exige de réussir la vérification des antécédents Microsoft Cloud au moment de l’embauche ou d’un transfert, ainsi que tous les deux ans par la suite. Le candidat retenu doit actuellement être en mesure d’obtenir une cote de fiabilité délivrée par un ministère ou organisme autorisé du gouvernement du Canada. Ce processus comprend notamment : La vérification de l’identité, des antécédents, de la formation, des titres professionnels, des références personnelles et professionnelles, ainsi qu’une vérification de crédit et des antécédents judiciaires. La cote de fiabilité peut également nécessiter un questionnaire de sécurité et une entrevue de sécurité. Afin d’obtenir l’autorisation requise dans les délais prescrits, les candidats doivent avoir résidé de façon continue au Canada pendant au moins cinq (5) ans et ne pas avoir vécu ou travaillé à l’extérieur du Canada pendant plus de six (6) mois durant cette période, à moins que Microsoft ne juge que l’autorisation peut néanmoins être obtenue dans les délais requis. Qualifications souhaitées : Diplôme en génie électrique ou mécanique. Capacité à effectuer des tâches nécessitant de rester debout, de marcher fréquemment, de soulever des charges et de travailler en hauteur, avec ou sans équipement d’assistance. Capacité à communiquer efficacement avec divers intervenants. Intérêt marqué pour l’apprentissage, le développement et l’acquisition de nouvelles compétences techniques. Flexibilité pour travailler en dehors des heures normales d’affaires, y compris les fins de semaine et/ou les jours fériés. Job Overview: We're hiring for multiple 6-month internship positions beginning in January 2027. In alignment with our Microsoft values, we are committed to cultivating an inclusive work environment for all employees to positively impact our culture every day and we need you as a Datacenter Critical Environment Technician (CET) Apprentice. Microsoft’s Cloud Operations & Innovation (CO+I) is the engine that powers our cloud services. As a CET Apprentice, you will perform a key role in delivering the core infrastructure and foundational technologies for Microsoft's online services including Bing, Office 365, Xbox, OneDrive, and the Microsoft Azure platform. As a group, CO+I is focused on the personal and professional development for all employees and offers trainings and growth opportunities including Career Rotation Programs, Diversity & Inclusion trainings and events, and professional certifications. Our infrastructure is comprised of a large global portfolio of more than 100 datacenters and 1 million servers. Our foundation is built upon and managed by a team of subject matter experts working to support services for more than 1 billion customers and 20 million businesses in over 90 countries worldwide. With environmental sustainability and optimization at the forefront of our datacenter design and operations, we continue to grow and evolve as we meet the ever-changing business demands that hold Microsoft as a world-class cloud provider. Do you want to empower billions across the world? Come and join us in CO+I and be at the forefront of the action! Do you want to empower billions across the world? Come and join us in CO+I and be at the forefront of the action! Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate to empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond. Responsibilities Responsibilities: Learn how to operate all systems and equipment in a safe and professional manner and learn about all risks associated with these systems, with the opportunity to complete your Microsoft CET Level 1. Perform basic monitoring and inspection of critical environment-related facility equipment, building, and grounds for unsafe or abnormal conditions and basic monitoring of the performance of maintenance and operations of equipment (e.g., electrical, mechanical, fire/life safety) within the data center. Utilize internal computerized maintenance management system (CMMS) to track all equipment assets and to complete work order requests for maintenance work. Safely assist in providing emergency monitoring and response to various abnormal conditions with supervision following emergency operating procedures (EOPs). Gather necessary information and participate in the creation of incident timelines/data, root-cause analyses, and/or action items following an abnormal condition as required. Perform various types of maintenance (e.g., planned, predictive, corrective) as assigned following methods of procedure (MOPs), and standard operating procedures (SOPs). Provide assistance by prepping materials and performing administrative tasks as instructed. Document tasks/issues found in maintenance and troubleshooting for follow up as needed and escalate as appropriate. Embody our culture and values . Qualifications Required Qualifications: High School Diploma or equivalent. Basic knowledge of electrical and/or mechanical systems Minimum of 18 years of age. You are studying at/or have graduated from a technical college. Microsoft is committed to upholding the French language's status and ensuring its use in the workplace where applicable. However, for this specific role, proficiency in English is a bona fide occupational requirement due to technical and specialized tasks requiring the use of English to meet customer needs while working in an integrated fashion with colleagues around the world. Proficiency in verbal and written communication in French is considered an asset. Background Check Requirements: Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter The successful candidate currently has the ability to obtain Reliability Status screening from a duly authorized department or agency of the Government of Canada. This process includes but is not limited to: Verification of identity, background, education, professional credentials, personal and professional references, credit check and criminal background check. Reliability Status screening may also require a security questionnaire and security interview. To obtain the requisite clearance within required timelines, applicants must have five (5) years of continuous Canadian residency and must not have lived or worked outside of Canada for more than six (6) months during that time unless Microsoft is satisfied that the requisite clearance can nevertheless be obtained within required timelines. Preferred Qualifications: Electrical or mechanical engineer diploma. Ability to support frequent standing, walking, lifting, and working at heights with or without equipment assistance. Able to communicate effectively with multiple stakeholders. Desire to learn, grow, and develop new technical skills. Flexibility to work non-standard business hours that may include weekends and/or holidays. Ce poste sera ouvert pendant au moins cinq jours et les candidatures seront acceptées de façon continue jusqu’à ce que le poste soit pourvu. This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled. Microsoft est un employeur offrant l’égalité d’accès à l’emploi. Tous les candidats qualifiés seront pris en considération pour l’emploi, sans égard à l’âge, à l’ascendance, à la citoyenneté, à la couleur, aux congés médicaux ou familiaux, à l’identité ou à l’expression de genre, aux renseignements génétiques, à l’état d’immigration, à l’état matrimonial, à l’état de santé, à l’origine nationale, à un éventuel handicap physique ou mental, à l’affiliation politique, au statut de vétéran protégé ou au statut militaire, à la race, à l’ethnie, à la religion, au sexe (y compris la grossesse), à l’orientation sexuelle ou à toute autre caractéristique protégée par les lois, ordonnances et règlements locaux applicables. Si vous avez besoin d’aide avec des accommodements religieux et/ou d’un accommodement raisonnable en raison d’un handicap pendant le processus de candidature, apprenez-en plus sur la demande d’accommodement. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.22:T1862,Overview Come apply your academic skills to solve real world industry problems at scale and do your best work at Microsoft! The complexity of the space and technical challenges of this opportunity will help you grow your skillset by collaborating with tenured PhDs across multiple disciplines (Computer Science, Statistics, Economics, etc.). Commerce, Content, and Monetization (CCM) is a 3,000+ person product, engineering, and data science organization where AI, content, commerce, and advertising converge. We build the technologies that power content and product discovery for billions of user interactions, helping people find what matters while driving a $10B+ business. From large-scale recommendation systems and AI-powered experiences to high-performance serving platforms, our teams tackle complex engineering challenges at extraordinary scale, processing millions of requests per second across billions of content and commerce signals. The solutions we build directly influence user experiences, advertiser success, and business growth. As a Data Scientist PhD Intern in CCM , you'll work alongside exceptional data scientists in diverse fields to solve meaningful problems with global reach and measurable impact. Some example problem areas may include personalized content and product discovery, recommendation, ranking, and search, and advertising and commerce measurement. You will use machine learning, statistics, controlled experiments, and/or AI-powered experiences, including LLMs, SLMs and agents to build and improve great products while making business impact. You will collaborate with stakeholders, formulate approaches to solve problems, and use algorithms and data sources in the context of business and engineering needs. You will also be able to combine your engineering abilities with analytical skills to make customer experiences better. Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees, we come together with a growth mindset, innovate and empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond. Please note this application is only for internships based in our Redmond, Washington office. For internships in other offices in the United States, please see our Careers site . Responsibilities Own a scoped data science project from problem definition and metric selection through analysis, validation, and recommendation. Analyze large-scale behavioral, content, commerce, and advertising data using SQL, Python, R, or comparable tools. Design, execute, and interpret experiments, including defining success metrics, guardrails, and statistical limitations. Apply appropriate methods—such as causal inference, statistical modeling, machine learning, or evaluation frameworks—to answer product and business questions. Develop or improve metrics and monitoring approaches that reflect user experience and sustainable business value. Partner with product managers, engineers, applied scientists, economists, and business stakeholders to identify opportunities and influence product decisions. Communicate methods, findings, uncertainty, and recommendations clearly to technical and nontechnical audiences. Participate in peer reviews, incorporate feedback, and document work so that results are reproducible and actionable. Qualifications Required Qualifications: Currently pursuing a Doctorate Degree in Data Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Econometrics, Economics, Operations Research, Computer Science, or related field. Must have at least one additional quarter/semester of school remaining following the completion of the internship. Candidate must be enrolled in a full time bachelor's, masters, MBA, or PhD program in area relevant for the role during the academic term immediately before their internship. Preferred Qualifications: Some Engineering experience and or project course work using large data systems on SQL, Hadoop, etc. Proficiency using one or more programming or scripting language to work with data such as: Python, Perl, or C#. Some experience and or project course work performing data analysis and applying statistics working with tools such as: Excel, R, MATLAB, AMPL, or SAS. Some experience and or project course work with product and service telemetry systems. Some A/B Testing or experimentation (this can be from conducting real life science experiments, hypothesis testing in stats etc.) Not required but ideal. Some experience or course work applying basic ML to a type of data and or used algorithms to conduct experiments on data. #EiP The base pay range for this internship is USD $6,810.00 - $13,480.00 per month. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $8,920.00 - $14,610.00 per month. Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other compensation. Find additional benefits and pay information here: https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-intern-pay Microsoft accepts applications and processes offers for these roles on an ongoing basis throughout the academic calendar (September - April) This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.23:T1761,Overview Research Internships at Microsoft provide a dynamic environment for research careers with a network of world-class research labs led by globally-recognized scientists and engineers, who pursue innovation in a range of scientific and technical disciplines to help solve complex challenges in diverse fields, including computing, healthcare, economics, and the environment. Our group focuses on the co-design of artificial intelligence models (AI), systems software, and custom hardware for large-scale inference. Research Interns working on Azure Microsoft Artificial Intelligence Accelerator 200 will explore how future artificial intelligence workloads interact with a modern software-defined dataflow architecture, specialized direct memory access (DMA) and communication engines, compiler technology, and large-scale distributed systems. Research topics range from performance analysis and roofline modeling to kernel optimization, scheduling, memory hierarchy design, and automated performance tuning. Research Interns are encouraged to publish their work where appropriate and will collaborate with leading researchers and engineers across Microsoft’s silicon, systems, and artificial intelligence organizations. Responsibilities Research Interns put inquiry and theory into practice. Alongside fellow doctoral candidates and some of the world’s best researchers, Research Interns learn, collaborate, and network for life. Research Interns not only advance their own careers, but they also contribute to exciting research and development strides. During the 12-week internship, Research Interns are paired with mentors and expected to collaborate with other Research Interns and researchers, present findings, and contribute to the vibrant life of the community. Research internships are available in all areas of research, and are offered year-round, though they typically begin in the summer. Qualifications Required Qualifications Currently enrolled in a Doctorate Degree program in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Applied Mathematics, or a related field. Other Requirements Research Interns are expected to be physically located in their manager’s Microsoft worksite location for the duration of their internship. In addition to the qualifications below, you’ll need to submit a minimum of two reference letters for this position as well as a cover letter and any relevant work or research samples. After you submit your application, a request for letters may be sent to your list of references on your behalf. Note that reference letters cannot be requested until after you have submitted your application, and furthermore, that they might not be automatically requested for all candidates. You may wish to alert your letter writers in advance, so they will be ready to submit your letter. Preferred Qualifications At least 1 year of experience developing software in C++, Python, Compute Unified Device Architecture, Heterogeneous-computing Interface for Portability, Triton, or a comparable high-performance computing or accelerator programming environment. Authorship or co-authorship of at least one peer-reviewed publication, preprint, open-source project, or equivalent research artifact in computer systems, machine learning systems, high-performance computing, computer architecture, or a related field. Experience with performance analysis, benchmarking, or optimization of artificial intelligence, high-performance computing, or distributed systems workloads. Experience with graphics processing unit, accelerator, or low-level systems programming, including kernel development or performance tuning. Experience with machine learning frameworks such as Python Tensor Library, Just After Execution, or TensorFlow. Experience with compiler technologies, code generation, runtime systems, or programming languages. Experience with distributed training or inference systems and communication libraries such as Message Passing Interface, NVIDIA Collective Communications Library, or similar technologies. Experience developing analytical or empirical performance models for computing systems. Experience contributing to open-source software projects related to artificial intelligence systems, compilers, high-performance computing, or computer architecture. Demonstrated research excellence through publications at leading conferences or journals in systems, architecture, machine learning, or high-performance computing. The base pay range for this internship is USD $6,810 - $13,480 per month. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $8,920 - $14,610 per month. Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other compensation. Find additional benefits and pay information here: https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-intern-pay Microsoft accepts applications and processes offers for these roles on an ongoing basis throughout the academic calendar (September - April). This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.24:T3285,Overview English Text Follows French Nous recrutons pour plusieurs stages de 6 mois qui débuteront en janvier 2027 . Aperçu du poste: En accord avec nos valeurs chez Microsoft, nous nous engageons à cultiver un environnement de travail inclusif pour tous les employés afin d’avoir un impact positif sur notre culture chaque jour, et nous avons besoin de vous en tant que Stagiaire - Technicien de Centre de Données (DCT). Le département Cloud Operations & Innovation (CO+I) est le moteur qui alimente nos services cloud. En tant que stagiaire DCT au sein de CO+I, vous jouerez un rôle clé dans la mise en place des infrastructures essentielles et des technologies fondamentales pour les services en ligne de Microsoft, notamment Bing, Office 365, Xbox, OneDrive et la plateforme Microsoft Azure. En tant que groupe, CO+I se concentre sur le développement personnel et professionnel de tous les employés et propose des formations et des opportunités de croissance, y compris des programmes de rotation de carrière, des formations et événements sur la diversité et l’inclusion, ainsi que des certifications professionnelles. Notre infrastructure comprend un vaste portefeuille mondial de plus de 100 datacenters et 1 million de serveurs. Notre fondation repose sur une équipe d’experts qui s’efforce de soutenir des services pour plus d’un milliard de clients et 20 millions d’entreprises dans plus de 90 pays à travers le monde. Avec la durabilité environnementale et l’optimisation au cœur de la conception et des opérations de nos datacenters, nous continuons à croître et à évoluer pour répondre aux besoins commerciaux en constante évolution qui font de Microsoft un fournisseur cloud de classe mondiale. Vous souhaitez donner du pouvoir à des milliards de personnes dans le monde ? Rejoignez-nous chez CO+I et soyez au cœur de l’action ! La mission de Microsoft est de permettre à chaque personne et à chaque organisation sur la planète d’accomplir davantage. En tant qu’employés, nous nous réunissons avec un état d’esprit de croissance, innovons pour autonomiser les autres et collaborons pour réaliser nos objectifs communs. Chaque jour, nous nous appuyons sur nos valeurs de respect, d’intégrité et de responsabilité pour créer une culture d’inclusion où chacun peut s’épanouir au travail et au-delà. Responsabilités: Soutenir le déploiement de l’infrastructure physique du datacenter sur site Installer, remplacer et dépanner les câbles et le matériel Manipuler les dispositifs contenant des données (ex. disques durs, disques SSD, etc.) Travailler dans un environnement basé sur des tickets Déplacer l’équipement à l’aide de transpalettes ou d’autres dispositifs de levage assisté Au besoin, aider l’équipe de gestion des stocks et des actifs du datacenter (DIAT) pour l’expédition/réception et la gestion des inventaires afin de faire face à des volumes de travail élevés Incarner notre culture et nos valeurs . Qualifications requises : Diplôme de fin d’études secondaires ou équivalent Connaissances de base en matériel informatique et composants Microsoft s'engage à préserver la langue française et à promouvoir son usage dans le cadre professionnel le cas échéant. Cependant, pour ce rôle en particulier, la maîtrise de l’anglais est une exigence professionnelle justifiée en raison des tâches techniques et spécialisées nécessitant l’utilisation de l'anglais afin de répondre aux besoins des clients tout en travaillant de manière intégrée avec des collègues du monde entier. La maîtrise de la communication orale et écrite en français est considérée comme un atout. Autres exigences : Ce rôle exige la capacité de répondre aux exigences en matière de filtrage de sécurité des Microsoft, des clients et/ou du gouvernement. Ces exigences comprennent, sans toutefois s'y limiter, les enquêtes de sécurité spécialisées suivantes : Microsoft Vérification des antécédents dans le cloud : Ce poste devra passer la vérification des antécédents Microsoft Cloud lors de l'embauche / transfert et tous les deux ans par la suite. Le candidat retenu doit actuellement être en mesure d'obtenir une cote de fiabilité auprès d'un ministère ou d'un organisme dûment autorisé du gouvernement du Canada. Ce processus comprend, sans s'y limiter : La vérification de l'identité, des antécédents, de la scolarité, des titres professionnels, des références personnelles et professionnelles, ainsi qu'une vérification de crédit et une vérification des antécédents criminels. La cote de fiabilité peut également exiger un questionnaire de sécurité et une entrevue de sécurité. Afin d'obtenir l'autorisation requise dans les délais prescrits, les candidats doivent avoir cinq (5) années de résidence canadienne continue et ne doivent pas avoir vécu ou travaillé à l'extérieur du Canada pendant plus de six (6) mois au cours de cette période, à moins que Microsoft ne soit convaincue que l'autorisation requise peut néanmoins être obtenue dans les délais prescrits. Qualifications souhaitées : Certifications applicables : CompTIA (A+, Server+, Network+), câblage structuré de base (BSC) Capacité à travailler fréquemment debout, à marcher, soulever des charges et travailler en hauteur, avec ou sans assistance d’équipement Aptitude à communiquer efficacement avec plusieurs parties prenantes Volonté d’apprendre, de progresser et de développer de nouvelles compétences techniques Flexibilité pour travailler en dehors des horaires standards, y compris les week-ends et/ou jours fériés. Job Overview: We're hiring for multiple 6-month internship positions beginning in January 2027. In alignment with our Microsoft values, we are committed to cultivating an inclusive work environment for all employees to positively impact our culture every day and we need you as a Datacenter Technician (DCT) Intern. Microsoft’s Cloud Operations & Innovation (CO+I) is the engine that powers our cloud services. As a CO+I DCT Intern, you will perform a key role in delivering the core infrastructure and foundational technologies for Microsoft's online services including Bing, Office 365, Xbox, OneDrive, and the Microsoft Azure platform. As a group, CO+I is focused on the personal and professional development for all employees and offers trainings and growth opportunities including Career Rotation Programs, Diversity & Inclusion trainings and events, and professional certifications. Our infrastructure is comprised of a large global portfolio of more than 100 datacenters and 1 million servers. Our foundation is built upon and managed by a team of subject matter experts working to support services for more than 1 billion customers and 20 million businesses in over 90 countries worldwide. With environmental sustainability and optimization at the forefront of our datacenter design and operations, we continue to grow and evolve as we meet the ever-changing business demands that hold Microsoft as a world-class cloud provider. Do you want to empower billions across the world? Come and join us in CO+I and be at the forefront of the action! Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate to empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond. Responsibilities Support deployment of on-site datacenter physical infrastructure Install, replace, and troubleshoot cables and hardware Handle data bearing devices (ex. Hard drives, solid state drives, etc.) Work within a ticket-based environment Move equipment using pallet jacks or other assisted lifting equipment. As required, assist the Datacenter Inventory and Asset Management Team (DIAT) with shipping/receiving and inventory management to address high work volumes. Embody our culture and values . Qualifications Required Qualifications: High School Diploma, or equivalent. Basic knowledge of computer hardware and components. Microsoft is committed to upholding the French language's status and ensuring its use in the workplace where applicable. However, for this specific role, proficiency in English is a bona fide occupational requirement due to technical and specialized tasks requiring the use of English to meet customer needs while working in an integrated fashion with colleagues around the world. Proficiency in verbal and written communication in French is considered an asset. Background Check Requirements: Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter The successful candidate currently has the ability to obtain Reliability Status screening from a duly authorized department or agency of the Government of Canada. This process includes but is not limited to: Verification of identity, background, education, professional credentials, personal and professional references, credit check and criminal background check. Reliability Status screening may also require a security questionnaire and security interview. To obtain the requisite clearance within required timelines, applicants must have five (5) years of continuous Canadian residency and must not have lived or worked outside of Canada for more than six (6) months during that time unless Microsoft is satisfied that the requisite clearance can nevertheless be obtained within required timelines. Preferred Qualifications: Applicable certifications: CompTIA (A+, Server+, Network+), Basic Structure Cabling (BSC). Ability to support frequent standing, walking, lifting, and working at heights with or without equipment assistance. Able to communicate effectively with multiple stakeholders. Desire to learn, grow, and develop new technical skills. Flexibility to work non-standard business hours that may include weekends and/or holidays. Intern - Data Center- The typical base pay range for this role across Canada is CAD $43,800 - CAD $50,000 per year. Find additional pay information here: https://careers.microsoft.com/v2/global/en/canada-pay-information.html Intern - Data Center - L'échelle salariale de base typique pour ce rôle dans l'ensemble du Canada est de 43,800 $ CAD à 50,000 $ CAD par année. Pour plus d'information au sujet de la rémunération, veuillez cliquer ici: https://careers.microsoft.com/v2/global/en/canada-pay-information.html Ce poste sera ouvert pendant au moins cinq jours et les candidatures seront acceptées de façon continue jusqu’à ce que le poste soit pourvu. This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled. Microsoft est un employeur offrant l’égalité d’accès à l’emploi. Tous les candidats qualifiés seront pris en considération pour l’emploi, sans égard à l’âge, à l’ascendance, à la citoyenneté, à la couleur, aux congés médicaux ou familiaux, à l’identité ou à l’expression de genre, aux renseignements génétiques, à l’état d’immigration, à l’état matrimonial, à l’état de santé, à l’origine nationale, à un éventuel handicap physique ou mental, à l’affiliation politique, au statut de vétéran protégé ou au statut militaire, à la race, à l’ethnie, à la religion, au sexe (y compris la grossesse), à l’orientation sexuelle ou à toute autre caractéristique protégée par les lois, ordonnances et règlements locaux applicables. Si vous avez besoin d’aide avec des accommodements religieux et/ou d’un accommodement raisonnable en raison d’un handicap pendant le processus de candidature, apprenez-en plus sur la demande d’accommodement. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.25:T1421,Overview Come build community, explore your passions and do your best work at Microsoft with thousands of University interns from every corner of the world. This opportunity will allow you to bring your aspirations, talent, potential—and excitement for the journey ahead. As a Penetration Testing Intern, under supervision, you will identify problems and vulnerabilities through application of engineering to dynamically penetrate software, hardware or human systems. You will work on efforts that results in security bug discovery, exploitation and suggested security controls and mitigations in response to security flaws. You will develop and implement pen testing strategies and apply your expertise to engineer solutions. You will help influence mitigations for current and future products and solutions. At Microsoft, Interns work on real-world projects in collaboration with teams across the world, while having fun along the way. You’ll be empowered to build community, explore your passions and achieve your goals. This is your chance to bring your solutions and ideas to life while working on cutting-edge technology. Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate to empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond. #EiP Responsibilities Identifies security vulnerabilities within specialty/area or responsibility. Able to come up to speed on new targets with the help of others. Leverages known information channels to gain context. Corroborates guidance against real world observations, determines and understands scope of potential impact and identifies variance or instances of known issues. Qualifications Required Qualifications: Currently pursuing a Bachelor's Degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or related field Must have at least one additional quarter/semester of school remaining following the completion of the internship Other Requirements: Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud Background Check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Citizenship & Citizenship Verification: This role will require access to information that is controlled for export under export control regulations, potentially under the U.S. International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) or Export Administration Regulations (EAR), the EU Dual Use Regulation, and/or other export control regulations. As a condition of employment, the successful candidate will be required to provide either proof of their country of citizenship or proof of their U.S. permanent residency or other protected status (e.g., under 8 U.S.C. § 1324b(a)(3)) for assessment of eligibility to access the export-controlled information. To meet this legal requirement, and as a condition of employment, the successful candidate’s citizenship will be verified with a valid passport. Lawful permanent residents, refugees, and asylees may verify status using other documents, where applicable. Prefered Qualifications: Currently pursuing a Master's Degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or related field CISSP, CISA, CISM, SANS, GCIA, GCIH, OSCP, and/or Security+ certification The base pay range for this internship is USD $5,690.00 - $11,210.00 per month. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $7,410.00 - $12,250.00 per month. Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other compensation. Find additional benefits and pay information here: https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-intern-pay Microsoft accepts applications and processes offers for these roles on an ongoing basis throughout the academic calendar (September - April) This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.26:Tc5c,NVIDIA is searching for several interns to join the Learning and Perception research team for an internship in the areas of embodied and agentic AI, such as perception, agentic reasoning, multi-modal and continual learning, AI scientists, and so on. We are passionate about research that pushes boundaries but also has impact in the real world. You will work within an amazing and collaborative research team that has a long history of publishing the results of internship projects at top venues in computer vision and machine learning. We have many experienced mentors in the team, and our interns often choose to return for another internship. We carefully craft internship projects such that they match the interns' expertise. What you'll be doing: Research, design, and implement novel embodied and agentic AI methods. Work collaboratively with your mentor and a broader team of world-class researchers to develop your ideas from early hypothesis through rigorous experimentation. Partner with product and engineering groups to transfer research breakthroughs into real-world applications Rapidly prototype and iterate on ideas using state-of-the-art hardware and infrastructure. What we need to see: Must be pursuing a PhD in Computer Science/Engineering, Electrical Engineering, etc. Excellent knowledge of theory and practice of AI, in particular in computer vision, LLMs, and agents. Excellent programming skills in some rapid prototyping environment such as Python, C++. Knowledge of common machine learning frameworks, such as PyTorch. Promising research track record. Excellent communications skills. Ways to stand out from the crowd: Knowledge in parallel programming (e.g., CUDA) is a plus. NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers with competitive salaries and a generous benefits package. We have some of the most forward-thinking and hardworking people in the world working for us and, due to unprecedented growth, our best-in-class engineering teams are rapidly growing. If you're a creative and autonomous engineer with a real passion for computer architecture and technology, we want to hear from you! Our internship hourly rates are a standard pay based on the position, your location, year in school, degree, and experience. The hourly rate for our interns is 38 USD - 94 USD. You will also be eligible for Intern benefits. Applications for this job will be accepted at least until October 6, 2026. This posting is for an existing vacancy. NVIDIA uses AI tools in its recruiting processes. NVIDIA is committed to fostering an inclusive work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing. Today, our AI infrastructure powers global intelligence, transforming every industry. Learn more about NVIDIA.27:T1422,Job Details: Job Description: The Role and Impact Intel is seeking a highly motivated Software Research Intern (PhD) to join the TCAD Process Reliability Modeling team within Intel Foundry. This internship offers an opportunity to work on advanced computational software solutions supporting semiconductor technology development. The selected candidate will contribute to cutting-edge software applications and solution methodologies like chip-package interactions, thermal transport and thermal management, thin films development and patterning. The internship is designed for PhD students interested in applying software engineering and research expertise to solve complex engineering challenges while collaborating with multidisciplinary teams across Intel. Business Group The Intel Foundry Technology organization is focused on driving semiconductor process innovation and enabling future technology nodes. Within the LTD-TD TCAD team, engineers and researchers develop advanced simulation, modeling, and software solutions used to accelerate technology development. The team fosters a collaborative environment where software, mathematics, physics, and engineering intersect to solve challenging technical problems. Key Responsibilities Design, develop, and optimize software solutions for engineering and research applications. Develop simulations capabilities using numerical methods like finite element, level sets, or related techniques. Develop modeling-based methodologies to solve device and interconnect process, module and reliability problems. Establish criteria and methods to determine proper inputs and validate results. Collaborate with software engineers, researchers, and domain experts to deliver scalable and maintainable solutions. Document technical solutions and present findings to project stakeholders. Qualifications: Minimum Qualifications Must be a full-time student pursuing a Ph.D. degree in Electrical Engineering, Material Science, Mechanical Engineering, Chemical Engineering or a semiconductor-related field. Must have a minimum of a 3.0 GPA in college courses to date. 1+ year experience programming in C/C++/Python or equivalent. Strong analytical, problem-solving, and software development skills. Preferred Qualifications Experience with using TCAD or atomistic simulation tools to study thermo-mechanical and chip/package interactions, thermal transport, thin film deposition processes, patterning, material chemical interactions or circuit performance. Hands on experience development and/or using finite element or equivalent solvers for solutions of physical systems. Experience with physics-based modeling, AI/machine learning methodologies for the analysis of solid mechanics, thermal management, reliability and manufacturing process of microprocessors devices. This is your opportunity to develop your expertise, gain hands-on experience, and make a meaningful impact within a collaborative environment that drives the future of technology. We look forward to seeing how your skills and passion will contribute to our innovative team. Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, Oregon, Hillsboro Additional Locations: Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $149,598.00-149,602.00 USD The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will require an on-site presence. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process28:T10af,Overview Come build community, explore your passions and do your best work at Microsoft with thousands of University interns from every corner of the world. This opportunity will allow you to bring your aspirations, talent, potential, and excitement for the journey ahead. As an Explore Intern, you will experience the primary phases of the product development cycle: design, build, and quality. You will work in a pod with other Explore Interns as you gain experience in software engineering, product management, and technical program management. This opportunity will allow you to explore various roles in a collaborative learning environment, enhance your problem-solving skills, and learn through mentoring, community building, and networking opportunities. At Microsoft, Explore Interns work on real-world projects in collaboration with teams across the world, while having fun along the way. You’ll be empowered to build community, explore your passions and achieve your goals. This is your chance to bring your solutions and ideas to life while working on cutting-edge technology. As an intern at Microsoft, you’re stepping into a world of real impact from day one. You’ll collaborate with global teams on meaningful projects, explore cutting-edge technologies like AI, and kick start your career while doing it. With a strong focus on learning and development, this is your opportunity to grow your skills, build community, and shape your future, all while being supported every step of the way. Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate to empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond. Responsibilities Gains hands-on experience with various software development tools and programming languages. Works closely with manager, mentors, and a group of interns to evaluate requirements, estimate costs, and create and implement features and services. Experiences core tech disciplines (Software Engineering, Product Management, and Technical Program Management). Qualifications Required Qualifications Currently pursuing full-time Bachelor’s degree. Must be enrolled in second year of a 4-year undergraduate degree program at time of application. Completed an Introduction to Computer Science course (or equivalent class) as well as one semester of calculus (or equivalent) by the start of the program. Preferred Qualifications Demonstrated interest in majoring in computer science, computer engineering, software engineering, or related technical major. #EiP #explorer The base pay range for this internship is USD $25.96 - $47.77 per hour. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $37.58 - $54.04 per hour. Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other compensation. Find additional benefits and pay information here: https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-intern-pay Applications for this role will be accepted during the first week of each month from October through December, or until all positions are filled. This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.29:T1005,Overview Research Internships at Microsoft provide a dynamic environment for research careers with a network of world-class research labs led by globally-recognized scientists and engineers, who pursue innovation in a range of scientific and technical disciplines to help solve complex challenges in diverse fields, including computing, healthcare, economics, and the environment. The Security Research Group at Microsoft Research Redmond works on a variety of areas to ensure computer systems are secure and trustworthy. Its current work investigates systems that leverage general software/systems security, confidential computing, formal verification, zero-knowledge proofs, data-driven security, and agentic security. The internship will explore new ideas and approaches to building secure and trustworthy software and cloud services. Responsibilities Research Interns put inquiry and theory into practice. Alongside fellow doctoral candidates and some of the world’s best researchers, Research Interns learn, collaborate, and network for life. Research Interns not only advance their own careers, but they also contribute to exciting research and development strides. During the 12-week internship, Research Interns are paired with mentors and expected to collaborate with other Research Interns and researchers, present findings, and contribute to the vibrant life of the community. Research internships are available in all areas of research, and are offered year-round, though they typically begin in the summer. Qualifications Required Qualifications Currently enrolled in a Doctorate Degree program in Computer Science, STEM, or a related field. Other Requirements Research Interns are expected to be physically located in their manager’s Microsoft worksite location for the duration of their internship. In addition to the qualifications below, you’ll need to submit a minimum of two reference letters for this position as well as a cover letter and any relevant work or research samples. After you submit your application, a request for letters may be sent to your list of references on your behalf. Note that reference letters cannot be requested until after you have submitted your application, and furthermore, that they might not be automatically requested for all candidates. You may wish to alert your letter writers in advance, so they will be ready to submit your letter. Preferred Qualifications Ability to build and extend complex software (e.g., operating systems, distributed systems, proof systems). Demonstrated ability to develop and execute an original research agenda. The base pay range for this internship is USD $6,810 - $13,480 per month. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $8,920 - $14,610 per month. Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other compensation. Find additional benefits and pay information here: https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-intern-pay Microsoft accepts applications and processes offers for these roles on an ongoing basis throughout the academic calendar (September - April). This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.2a:T1a7a,Overview Launch your career with Microsoft! We're hiring for multiple 6-month internships beginning in January 2027 through our Neurodiversity Hiring Program. Microsoft’s Cloud Operations & Innovation (CO+I) is the engine that powers our cloud services. As a CO+I DCT Intern, you will perform a key role in delivering the core infrastructure and foundational technologies for Microsoft's online services including Bing, Office 365, Xbox, OneDrive, and the Microsoft Azure platform. As a group, CO+I is focused on the personal and professional development for all employees and offers trainings and growth opportunities including Career Rotation Programs, Diversity & Inclusion trainings and events, and professional certifications. Our infrastructure is comprised of a large global portfolio of more than 100 datacenters and 1 million servers. Our foundation is built upon and managed by a team of subject matter experts working to support services for more than 1 billion customers and 20 million businesses in over 90 countries worldwide. With environmental sustainability and optimization at the forefront of our datacenter design and operations, we continue to grow and evolve as we meet the ever-changing business demands that hold Microsoft as a world-class cloud provider. In alignment with our Microsoft values, we are committed to cultivating an inclusive work environment for all employees to positively impact our culture every day and we need you as a Data Center Technician (DCT) Intern. Do you want to empower billions across the world? Come and join us in CO+I and be at the forefront of the action! Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate to empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond. Responsibilities Support deployment of on-site datacenter physical infrastructure Install, replace, and troubleshoot cables and hardware Handle data bearing devices (ex. Hard drives, solid state drives, etc.) Work within a ticket-based environment Move equipment using pallet jacks or other assisted lifting equipment. As required, assist the Datacenter Inventory and Asset Management Team (DIAT) with shipping/receiving and inventory management to address high work volumes. Embody our culture and values . Qualifications Required Qualifications: High School Diploma, or equivalent. Basic knowledge of computer hardware and components. One (1) year or more supporting IT equipment or related technology. Eligible for the Neurodiversity Hiring Program. Background Check Requirements: Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter The successful candidate currently has the ability to obtain Reliability Status screening from a duly authorized department or agency of the Government of Canada. This process includes but is not limited to: Verification of identity, background, education, professional credentials, personal and professional references, credit check and criminal background check. Reliability Status screening may also require a security questionnaire and security interview. To obtain the requisite clearance within required timelines, applicants must have five (5) years of continuous Canadian residency and must not have lived or worked outside of Canada for more than six (6) months during that time unless Microsoft is satisfied that the requisite clearance can nevertheless be obtained within required timelines. Preferred Qualifications: Applicable certifications: CompTIA (A+, Server+, Network+), Basic Structure Cabling (BSC). Ability to support frequent standing, walking, lifting, and working at heights with or without equipment assistance. Able to communicate effectively with multiple stakeholders. Proficient in written and oral English communication to support regional and global teams. Desire to learn, grow, and develop new technical skills. Flexibility to work non-standard business hours that may include weekends and/or holidays. Intern - Data Center- The typical base pay range for this role across Canada is CAD $43,800 - CAD $50,000 per year. Find additional pay information here: https://careers.microsoft.com/v2/global/en/canada-pay-information.html #Neurodiversity Ce poste sera ouvert pendant au moins cinq jours et les candidatures seront acceptées de façon continue jusqu’à ce que le poste soit pourvu. This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled. Microsoft est un employeur offrant l’égalité d’accès à l’emploi. Tous les candidats qualifiés seront pris en considération pour l’emploi, sans égard à l’âge, à l’ascendance, à la citoyenneté, à la couleur, aux congés médicaux ou familiaux, à l’identité ou à l’expression de genre, aux renseignements génétiques, à l’état d’immigration, à l’état matrimonial, à l’état de santé, à l’origine nationale, à un éventuel handicap physique ou mental, à l’affiliation politique, au statut de vétéran protégé ou au statut militaire, à la race, à l’ethnie, à la religion, au sexe (y compris la grossesse), à l’orientation sexuelle ou à toute autre caractéristique protégée par les lois, ordonnances et règlements locaux applicables. Si vous avez besoin d’aide avec des accommodements religieux et/ou d’un accommodement raisonnable en raison d’un handicap pendant le processus de candidature, apprenez-en plus sur la demande d’accommodement. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.2b:T12ff,Overview Come build community, explore your passions and do your best work at Microsoft with thousands of University interns from every corner of the world. This opportunity will allow you to bring your aspirations, talent, potential, and excitement for the journey ahead. As a Software Engineering Intern – Security & Identity, you will help build secure systems and services that protect users, data, devices, and cloud infrastructure. You will work on technologies related to authentication, authorization, identity, governance, compliance, and secure software development. You will collaborate with engineers to identify risks, strengthen defenses, and build solutions that help customers operate securely in an increasingly connected world. This opportunity will enable you to develop expertise in security engineering while contributing to technologies that support trust, privacy, and resilience at scale. At Microsoft, Interns work on real-world projects in collaboration with teams across the world, while having fun along the way. You'll be empowered to build community, explore your passions and achieve your goals. This is your chance to bring your solutions and ideas to life while working on cutting-edge technology. Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate to empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond. Responsibilities Applies engineering principles to solve complex problems through sound and creative engineering. Works with appropriate stakeholders to determine user requirements for a feature. Quickly learns new engineering methods and incorporates them into work processes. Seeks feedback and applies internal or industry best practices to improve technical solutions. Demonstrates skill in time management and completing software projects in a cooperative team environment. Reviews current developments and proactively seeks new knowledge that will improve the availability, reliability, efficiency, observability, and performance of products while also driving consistency in monitoring and operations at scale. Qualifications Required Qualifications Currently pursuing Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related technical field with at least one semester/term remaining following the completion of the internship, OR currently pursuing Master’s Degree in Computer Science or related technical field with at least one semester/term remaining following the completion of the internship. Preferred Qualifications 1+ year(s) of programming experience. 6+ months of experience in delivering projects in teams. 1+ year(s) of experience in developing and applying data structures and algorithms. Coursework or experience in cybersecurity, networking, operating systems, or secure software development. Familiarity with identity and access management concepts, authentication, authorization, RBAC, or governance controls. Experience building software using C#, Java, Go, Rust, Python, or similar languages. Interest in threat modeling, secure coding practices, compliance, cloud security, and protecting large-scale services. The base pay range for this internship is USD $5,690.00 - $11,210.00 per month. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $7,410.00 - $12,250.00 per month. Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other compensation. Find additional benefits and pay information here: https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-intern-pay Applications for this role will be accepted during the first week of each month from August through February, or until all positions are filled. This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.2c:T12f5,Overview Come build community, explore your passions and do your best work at Microsoft with thousands of University interns from every corner of the world. This opportunity will allow you to bring your aspirations, talent, potential, and excitement for the journey ahead. As a Software Engineering Intern – Full-Stack Product, you will build end-to-end product experiences across user interfaces, APIs, and backend services. You will collaborate with engineers, designers, and product managers to create intuitive, accessible, and high-quality experiences that delight customers. You will contribute across the full development lifecycle, from designing responsive user interfaces and building scalable services to testing, debugging, and iterating on features based on customer feedback. This opportunity will enable you to strengthen your full-stack engineering skills while delivering experiences that impact millions of users around the world. At Microsoft, Interns work on real-world projects in collaboration with teams across the world, while having fun along the way. You’ll be empowered to build community, explore your passions and achieve your goals. This is your chance to bring your solutions and ideas to life while working on cutting-edge technology. Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate to empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond. Responsibilities Applies engineering principles to solve complex problems through sound and creative engineering. Works with appropriate stakeholders to determine user requirements for a feature. Quickly learns new engineering methods and incorporates them into work processes. Seeks feedback and applies internal or industry best practices to improve technical solutions. Demonstrates skill in time management and completing software projects in a cooperative team environment. Reviews current developments and proactively seeks new knowledge that will improve the availability, reliability, efficiency, observability, and performance of products while also driving consistency in monitoring and operations at scale. Qualifications Required Qualifications Currently pursuing Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related technical field with at least one semester/term remaining following the completion of the internship, OR currently pursuing Master’s Degree in Computer Science or related technical field with at least one semester/term remaining following the completion of the internship. Preferred Qualifications 1+ year(s) of programming experience. 6+ months of experience in delivering projects in teams. 1+ year(s) of experience in developing and applying data structures and algorithms. Coursework, projects, or prior experience building end-to-end applications. Experience with TypeScript or JavaScript and modern web frameworks such as React or Angular. Experience building backend services using C#, Java, Node.js, Python, or similar technologies. Familiarity with REST APIs, testing frameworks, accessibility principles, and modern software engineering practices. The base pay range for this internship is USD $5,690.00 - $11,210.00 per month. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $7,410.00 - $12,250.00 per month. Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other compensation. Find additional benefits and pay information here: https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-intern-pay Applications for this role will be accepted during the first week of each month from August through February, or until all positions are filled. This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.2d:T12ef,Overview Come build community, explore your passions and do your best work at Microsoft with thousands of University interns from every corner of the world. This opportunity will allow you to bring your aspirations, talent, potential, and excitement for the journey ahead. As a Software Engineering Intern – Data Platform & Analytics, you will help build the systems that collect, process, store, analyze, and deliver data at scale. You will work on data pipelines, databases, analytics platforms, telemetry systems, and reporting solutions that support product innovation and data-driven decision making. You will collaborate with engineers to develop reliable and efficient data solutions while improving data quality, performance, and observability. This opportunity will allow you to gain hands-on experience with modern data platforms that power insights across products used by millions of customers. At Microsoft, Interns work on real-world projects in collaboration with teams across the world, while having fun along the way. You'll be empowered to build community, explore your passions and achieve your goals. This is your chance to bring your solutions and ideas to life while working on cutting-edge technology. Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate to empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond. Responsibilities Applies engineering principles to solve complex problems through sound and creative engineering. Works with appropriate stakeholders to determine user requirements for a feature. Quickly learns new engineering methods and incorporates them into work processes. Seeks feedback and applies internal or industry best practices to improve technical solutions. Demonstrates skill in time management and completing software projects in a cooperative team environment. Reviews current developments and proactively seeks new knowledge that will improve the availability, reliability, efficiency, observability, and performance of products while also driving consistency in monitoring and operations at scale. Qualifications Required Qualifications Currently pursuing Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related technical field with at least one semester/term remaining following the completion of the internship, OR currently pursuing Master’s Degree in Computer Science or related technical field with at least one semester/term remaining following the completion of the internship. Preferred Qualifications 1+ year(s) of programming experience. 6+ months of experience in delivering projects in teams. 1+ year(s) of experience in developing and applying data structures and algorithms. Coursework or experience in databases, analytics, data engineering, or distributed systems. Experience with SQL and programming languages such as Python, Java, Scala, C#, or similar. Familiarity with ETL pipelines, data processing frameworks, telemetry systems, reporting tools, or cloud-based data platforms. Interest in large-scale data processing, analytics, query optimization, data quality, and business insights. The base pay range for this internship is USD $5,690.00 - $11,210.00 per month. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $7,410.00 - $12,250.00 per month. Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other compensation. Find additional benefits and pay information here: https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-intern-pay Applications for this role will be accepted during the first week of each month from August through February, or until all positions are filled. This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.2e:T170e,Overview Come build community, explore your passions and do your best work at Microsoft with thousands of University interns from every corner of the world. This opportunity will allow you to bring your aspirations, talent, potential, and excitement for the journey ahead. CoreAI’s objective is to empower everyone to shape the future with AI. For developers, this means using AI-powered tools and agents to transform the entire software development lifecycle. For organizations, this means moving beyond first-generation AI applications and into a world of dynamic, agentic applications that are designed from the ground up to act on their behalf with intelligence, memory, adaptability, and security at their core. To drive this transformation, CoreAI is building a complete set of AI-powered developer tools, on top of a full-stack AI app and agent factory, with security and trust baked in from the start, that reaches from the cloud to the edge. As a Software Engineering Intern on AI and ML projects, you will work with teammates to solve problems and build innovative software solutions that leverage AI technologies. You will apply your passion for customers and product quality as you provide technical guidance to Technical Program Managers and Product Managers. You will learn and adopt relevant new AI technologies, tools, methods, and processes to leverage in your solutions. You will also consider the impact of AI technology, including applying Microsoft’s responsible AI practices. This opportunity will enable you to advance your career by designing, developing, and testing next-generation software that will empower every person and organization on the planet to achieve more. At Microsoft, Interns work on real-world projects in collaboration with teams across the world, while having fun along the way. You’ll be empowered to build community, explore your passions and achieve your goals. This is your chance to bring your solutions and ideas to life while working on cutting-edge technology. Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate to empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond. The target start range for this role is Summer 2027. Responsibilities Applies engineering principles and AI techniques to solve complex problems through sound and creative engineering. Works with appropriate stakeholders to determine user requirements for a feature. Understands and applies Microsoft’s responsible AI practices to ensure the systems you work on meet our commitments to our customers. Quickly learns new engineering methods, emerging AI and machine learning techniques and incorporates them into work processes. Seeks feedback and applies internal or industry best practices to improve technical solutions. Demonstrates skill in time management and completing software projects in a cooperative team environment. Reviews current developments and proactively seeks new knowledge that will improve the availability, reliability, efficiency, observability, and performance of products while also driving consistency in monitoring and operations at scale. Qualifications Required Qualifications Currently pursuing Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related technical field with at least one semester/term remaining following the completion of the internship, OR currently pursuing Master’s Degree in Computer Science or related technical field with at least one semester/term remaining following the completion of the internship. Preferred Qualifications: One year of programming experience in an object-oriented language. Ability to demonstrate an understanding of computer science fundamentals, including data structures and algorithms and AI/machine learning concepts. Experience with AI/ML projects, such as developing machine learning models, working with large datasets, or implementing AI solutions in real-world applications. Familiarity with AI frameworks and libraries like TensorFlow, PyTorch, or scikit-learn. Experience using AI tools such as GitHub Copilot, Claude Code, and Microsoft Roo Code, with an understanding of their strengths and limitations. The base pay range for this internship is USD $5,690.00 - $11,210.00 per month. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $7,410.00 - $12,250.00 per month. Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other compensation. Find additional benefits and pay information here: https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-intern-pay Microsoft accepts applications and processes offers for these roles on an ongoing basis throughout the academic calendar (September - April) This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.2f:T12df,Overview Come build community, explore your passions and do your best work at Microsoft with thousands of University interns from every corner of the world. This opportunity will allow you to bring your aspirations, talent, potential, and excitement for the journey ahead. As a Software Engineering Intern – Cloud & Distributed Backend, you will help build and operate the large-scale cloud services and distributed systems that power Microsoft products and platforms. You will work on backend services, APIs, infrastructure, and reliability systems designed for scale, performance, and resiliency. You will collaborate with engineers to design solutions that handle large volumes of data and traffic while maintaining high availability and operational excellence. This opportunity will enable you to deepen your understanding of cloud computing, systems design, and software engineering at global scale. At Microsoft, Interns work on real-world projects in collaboration with teams across the world, while having fun along the way. You’ll be empowered to build community, explore your passions and achieve your goals. This is your chance to bring your solutions and ideas to life while working on cutting-edge technology. Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate to empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond. Responsibilities Applies engineering principles to solve complex problems through sound and creative engineering. Works with appropriate stakeholders to determine user requirements for a feature. Quickly learns new engineering methods and incorporates them into work processes. Seeks feedback and applies internal or industry best practices to improve technical solutions. Demonstrates skill in time management and completing software projects in a cooperative team environment. Reviews current developments and proactively seeks new knowledge that will improve the availability, reliability, efficiency, observability, and performance of products while also driving consistency in monitoring and operations at scale. Qualifications Required Qualifications Currently pursuing Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related technical field with at least one semester/term remaining following the completion of the internship, OR currently pursuing Master’s Degree in Computer Science or related technical field with at least one semester/term remaining following the completion of the internship. Preferred Qualifications 1+ year(s) of programming experience. 6+ months of experience in delivering projects in teams. 1+ year(s) of experience in developing and applying data structures and algorithms. Coursework or experience in operating systems, networking, distributed systems, databases, or cloud computing. Experience programming in C#, C++, Rust, Java, Go, Python, or similar languages. Familiarity with APIs, microservices, cloud platforms, containers, or infrastructure services. Interest in performance optimization, reliability engineering, observability, debugging, or scalable system design. The base pay range for this internship is USD $5,690.00 - $11,210.00 per month. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $7,410.00 - $12,250.00 per month. Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other compensation. Find additional benefits and pay information here: https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-intern-pay Applications for this role will be accepted during the first week of each month from August through February, or until all positions are filled. This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.30:T134e,Overview Come build community, explore your passions and do your best work at Microsoft with thousands of University interns from every corner of the world. This opportunity will allow you to bring your aspirations, talent, potential, and excitement for the journey ahead. As a Software Engineering Intern – AI/ML & LLM, you will help build AI-powered products and platforms that leverage machine learning, large language models, and intelligent services. You will work with engineers, applied scientists, and product teams to develop, evaluate, and optimize AI experiences that solve real-world customer problems. You may contribute to model integration, retrieval systems, inference services, evaluation frameworks, or the infrastructure that enables AI applications at scale. This opportunity will allow you to expand your knowledge of modern AI technologies while helping shape the future of software development and user experiences. At Microsoft, Interns work on real-world projects in collaboration with teams across the world, while having fun along the way. You’ll be empowered to build community, explore your passions and achieve your goals. This is your chance to bring your solutions and ideas to life while working on cutting-edge technology. Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate to empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond. Responsibilities Applies engineering principles to solve complex problems through sound and creative engineering. Works with appropriate stakeholders to determine user requirements for a feature. Quickly learns new engineering methods and incorporates them into work processes. Seeks feedback and applies internal or industry best practices to improve technical solutions. Demonstrates skill in time management and completing software projects in a cooperative team environment. Reviews current developments and proactively seeks new knowledge that will improve the availability, reliability, efficiency, observability, and performance of products while also driving consistency in monitoring and operations at scale. Qualifications Required Qualifications Currently pursuing Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related technical field with at least one semester/term remaining following the completion of the internship, OR currently pursuing Master’s Degree in Computer Science or related technical field with at least one semester/term remaining following the completion of the internship. Preferred Qualifications 1+ year(s) of programming experience. 6+ months of experience in delivering projects in teams. 1+ year(s) of experience in developing and applying data structures and algorithms. Coursework, projects, or prior experience in machine learning, artificial intelligence, or data science. Experience programming in Python and familiarity with ML frameworks such as PyTorch, TensorFlow, or similar technologies. Understanding of machine learning concepts, model evaluation, retrieval systems, large language models, or prompt engineering. Familiarity with APIs, cloud services, distributed computing, search/ranking, RAG architectures, or performance optimization. The base pay range for this internship is USD $5,690.00 - $11,210.00 per month. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $7,410.00 - $12,250.00 per month. Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other compensation. Find additional benefits and pay information here: https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-intern-pay Applications for this role will be accepted during the first week of each month from August through February, or until all positions are filled. This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.31:T14b8,Overview Come build community, explore your passions and do your best work at Microsoft with thousands of University interns from every corner of the world. This opportunity will allow you to bring your aspirations, talent, potential and excitement for the journey ahead. As a Product Manager Intern, you will define product vision and strategy by leveraging a deep understanding of the customer experience and competitive market, while identifying short-and long-term investment opportunities, evaluating tradeoffs, and driving the product roadmap. You will build consensus on product strategy, define features, vision and goals for a specific product(s) or set of features. This opportunity will allow you to develop and execute strategies to enable in-product organic growth and focus on central, cross-functional leadership of a product. At Microsoft, Interns work on real-world projects in collaboration with teams across the world, while having fun along the way. You’ll be empowered to build community, explore your passions and achieve your goals. This is your chance to bring your solutions and ideas to life while working on cutting-edge technology. At Microsoft, our mission to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more guides how we partner with customers to deliver trusted, impactful solutions. With a growth mindset culture, we innovate responsibly and measure success by shared progress people, teams, and customers. Join us to do meaningful work that changes the world and helps shape what’s next for everyone. This is for a summer 2027 internship. Responsibilities Identifies customers’ unmet or unknown needs and market opportunities for enhancements or development of a feature (e.g., product, service) via quantitative and qualitative analyses and scope the impact of a problem. Drives and tracks Key Results, success criteria and performance metrics. Partner with Software Engineering and Hardware Engineering to identify needed data and ensure telemetry is developed. Determines features or experiences to prioritize in the roadmap that will support achievement of success criteria and Objectives and Key Results (OKRs). Gathers input on priorities and resources needed to deliver desired outcomes for a single feature (e.g., product, service). Iterates multiple designs with Design, Software Engineering, and Hardware Engineering. Assist in facilitating reviews (e.g., UX, system designs, data designs) with customers (e.g., regulators, engineers, policy makers, business-decision makers) to determine usability and ensure accessibility criteria and updated designs meet customer goals. Collaborates with Product Marketing, Business Planning, and Engineering to identify product release criteria, customer acquisition, and usage. Monitors and reports on progress and derive insights that lead to productive courses of action to improve product/feature development, iteration, and implementation. Builds trust with customers. Leverage a line of communication with customers to capture feedback and insights through the product development lifecycle. Qualifications Required Qualifications: Currently pursuing a Bachelor's Degree with at least one semester/term of school remaining following the completion of the internship OR Currently pursuing a Master's Degree with at least one semester/term of school remaining following the completion of the internship OR Currently pursuing a Doctorate with at least one semester/term of school remaining following the completion of the internship. Preferred Qualifications: Currently pursuing a Bachelor's or Master's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field. Experience in product/service/project/program management or software development or equivalent experience. #EiP The base pay range for this internship is USD $5,690.00 - $11,210.00 per month. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $7,410.00 - $12,250.00 per month. Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other compensation. Find additional benefits and pay information here: https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-intern-pay Applications for this role will be accepted during the first week of each month from August through February, or until all positions are filled. This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.32:T19f6,Overview We're hiring for multiple 6-month internship positions beginning in January 2027. Microsoft’s Cloud Operations & Innovation (CO+I) is the engine that powers our cloud services. As a CO+I DCT Intern, you will perform a key role in delivering the core infrastructure and foundational technologies for Microsoft's online services including Bing, Office 365, Xbox, OneDrive, and the Microsoft Azure platform. As a group, CO+I is focused on the personal and professional development for all employees and offers trainings and growth opportunities including Career Rotation Programs, Diversity & Inclusion trainings and events, and professional certifications. Our infrastructure is comprised of a large global portfolio of more than 100 datacenters and 1 million servers. Our foundation is built upon and managed by a team of subject matter experts working to support services for more than 1 billion customers and 20 million businesses in over 90 countries worldwide. With environmental sustainability and optimization at the forefront of our datacenter design and operations, we continue to grow and evolve as we meet the ever-changing business demands that hold Microsoft as a world-class cloud provider. In alignment with our Microsoft values, we are committed to cultivating an inclusive work environment for all employees to positively impact our culture every day and we need you as a Data Center Technician (DCT) Intern. Do you want to empower billions across the world? Come and join us in CO+I and be at the forefront of the action! Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate to empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond. Responsibilities Support deployment of on-site datacenter physical infrastructure Install, replace, and troubleshoot cables and hardware Handle data bearing devices (ex. Hard drives, solid state drives, etc.) Work within a ticket-based environment Move equipment using pallet jacks or other assisted lifting equipment. As required, assist the Datacenter Inventory and Asset Management Team (DIAT) with shipping/receiving and inventory management to address high work volumes. Embody our culture and values . Qualifications Required Qualifications: High School Diploma, or equivalent. Basic knowledge of computer hardware and components. One (1) year or more supporting IT equipment or related technology. Background Check Requirements: Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter The successful candidate currently has the ability to obtain Reliability Status screening from a duly authorized department or agency of the Government of Canada. This process includes but is not limited to: Verification of identity, background, education, professional credentials, personal and professional references, credit check and criminal background check. Reliability Status screening may also require a security questionnaire and security interview. To obtain the requisite clearance within required timelines, applicants must have five (5) years of continuous Canadian residency and must not have lived or worked outside of Canada for more than six (6) months during that time unless Microsoft is satisfied that the requisite clearance can nevertheless be obtained within required timelines. Preferred Qualifications: Applicable certifications: CompTIA (A+, Server+, Network+), Basic Structure Cabling (BSC). Ability to support frequent standing, walking, lifting, and working at heights with or without equipment assistance. Able to communicate effectively with multiple stakeholders. Proficient in written and oral English communication to support regional and global teams. Desire to learn, grow, and develop new technical skills. Flexibility to work non-standard business hours that may include weekends and/or holidays. Intern - Data Center- The typical base pay range for this role across Canada is CAD $43,800 - CAD $50,000 per year. Find additional pay information here: https://careers.microsoft.com/v2/global/en/canada-pay-information.html Ce poste sera ouvert pendant au moins cinq jours et les candidatures seront acceptées de façon continue jusqu’à ce que le poste soit pourvu. This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled. Microsoft est un employeur offrant l’égalité d’accès à l’emploi. Tous les candidats qualifiés seront pris en considération pour l’emploi, sans égard à l’âge, à l’ascendance, à la citoyenneté, à la couleur, aux congés médicaux ou familiaux, à l’identité ou à l’expression de genre, aux renseignements génétiques, à l’état d’immigration, à l’état matrimonial, à l’état de santé, à l’origine nationale, à un éventuel handicap physique ou mental, à l’affiliation politique, au statut de vétéran protégé ou au statut militaire, à la race, à l’ethnie, à la religion, au sexe (y compris la grossesse), à l’orientation sexuelle ou à toute autre caractéristique protégée par les lois, ordonnances et règlements locaux applicables. Si vous avez besoin d’aide avec des accommodements religieux et/ou d’un accommodement raisonnable en raison d’un handicap pendant le processus de candidature, apprenez-en plus sur la demande d’accommodement. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.33:T1528,Job Details: Job Description: If you are a "hands on" person and you like the rush and excitement of producing the technology that will enable the life of every person on earth, keep reading! The NM APTM (New Mexico Advanced Packaging Technology Manufacturing) plant in Rio Rancho, New Mexico has a year-round studentship program for students interested in working as a Manufacturing Technician. Join us and help us create the next generation of technologies that will shape the future for decades to come. You will be in a fast paced and challenging environment performing functions associated with wafer movement within our NM factories. This position supports manufacturing operations by performing equipment setup, monitoring production processes, and conducting quality checks. Assists in troubleshooting machinery and optimizing production efficiency to meet output goals. Collaborates with engineering and operations teams to ensure compliance with safety and quality standards. As an intern, learns and applies knowledge, builds skills, and explores future career opportunities through hands-on experience and projects that support Intel business goals in a collaborative environment. The position is a part-time (20-32 hours a week during the school year, up to 40 hours a week on breaks/summers) with flexible hours around a student's school schedule while still in alignment with a one of the following factory shifts: Shift 4: (nights frontend) 7 PM - 7 AM Sun-Tues and alternating Saturday nights. Shift 5: (days frontend) 7 AM - 7 PM Sun-Tues and alternating Wednesday days. Shift 6: (nights backend) 7 PM - 7 AM Wed-Sat and alternating Saturday night. Shift 7: (days backend) 7 AM - 7 PM Thurs-Sat and alternating Wednesday days. Must be willing to lift up to 35 pounds (18 kgs) 4 times a day. This position requires frequent standing, walking, bending, and reaching. Must be willing to work in a clean room environment, wearing coveralls, hoods, booties, safety glasses and gloves. Qualifications: You must possess the minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position. Preferred qualifications are in addition to the minimum requirements and are considered a plus factor in identifying top candidates. Relevant experience can be obtained through schoolwork, classes, project work, internships, and/or military experience. This position is not eligible for Intel immigration sponsorship. This position is located in Rio Rancho, New Mexico. Relocation will not be offered for this position. Minimum Requirements: Actively enrolled and progressing as a student pursuing an AAS Degree or certification in Automotive Technology, Aviation Technology, Electrical Trades, Heating/Ventilation/AC/Refrigeration, Industrial Automation Technology (Mechatronics), Machine Tool Technology or related field of study. 1+ month of experience with basic Microsoft applications, ex: Excel, Outlook. Preferred Qualifications: Basic knowledge on any of the following areas: electronics, equipment troubleshooting, installation, repair and operations. Experience performing hands-on, auto repair, welding, soldering, robotics, crafting. Preventative and corrective maintenance on equipment. Work experience in a team environment. Experience with schematics and drawings/diagrams and Integrated circuit fabrication. Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 5 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, New Mexico, Albuquerque Additional Locations: Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $51,798.00-51,802.00 USD (Hourly Role) The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will require an on-site presence. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process34:Tf6a,Overview Research Internships at Microsoft provide a dynamic environment for research careers with a network of world-class research labs led by globally-recognized scientists and engineers, who pursue innovation in a range of scientific and technical disciplines to help solve complex challenges in diverse fields, including computing, healthcare, economics, and the environment. The Research Intern will perform research on quantum algorithms and/or quantum information protocols for fault-tolerant quantum computers. A focus of the work will be on designing efficient quantum circuits for algorithmic primitives and to understand the complexity for concrete instances as well as the asymptotic behavior. Applications in areas such as simulation and communication may also be considered. Responsibilities Research Interns put inquiry and theory into practice. Alongside fellow doctoral candidates and some of the world’s best researchers, Research Interns learn, collaborate, and network for life. Research Interns not only advance their own careers, but they also contribute to exciting research and development strides. During the 12-week internship, Research Interns are paired with mentors and expected to collaborate with other Research Interns and researchers, present findings, and contribute to the vibrant life of the community. Research internships are available in all areas of research, and are offered year-round, though they typically begin in the summer. Qualifications Required Qualifications Currently enrolled in a Doctorate Degree program in Mathematics, Natural Sciences, or a related field. Other Requirements Research Interns are expected to be physically located in their manager’s Microsoft worksite location for the duration of their internship. In addition to the qualifications below, you’ll need to submit a minimum of two reference letters for this position as well as a cover letter and any relevant work or research samples. After you submit your application, a request for letters may be sent to your list of references on your behalf. Note that reference letters cannot be requested until after you have submitted your application, and furthermore, that they might not be automatically requested for all candidates. You may wish to alert your letter writers in advance, so they will be ready to submit your letter. Preferred Qualifications PhD topic focuses on quantum information and computation research. The base pay range for this internship is USD $6,810 - $13,480 per month. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $8,920 - $14,610 per month. Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other compensation. Find additional benefits and pay information here: https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-intern-pay Microsoft accepts applications and processes offers for these roles on an ongoing basis throughout the academic calendar (September - April). This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.35:T102a,Overview Come build community, explore your passions and do your best work at Microsoft with thousands of University interns from every corner of the world. This opportunity will allow you to bring your aspirations, talent, potential—and excitement for the journey ahead. As a Security Operations Engineering intern, you will execute security controls, defenses, and countermeasures to intercept and prevent internal or external attacks or attempts to infiltrate company email, data, e-commerce, and web-based systems. At Microsoft, Interns work on real-world projects in collaboration with teams across the world, while having fun along the way. You’ll be empowered to build community, explore your passions and achieve your goals. This is your chance to bring your solutions and ideas to life while working on cutting-edge technology. Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate to empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond. #EiP Responsibilities Researches attempted or successful efforts to compromise systems’ security and determine next steps, including potential escalations. Develops and implements automation of security processes and procedures where possible and translate security policy into effective controls. Responds to security incidents, conducts threat intelligence and analysis, and use data analytics to drive security decisions. Conducts and supports red/purple team operations or improve security posture. Maintains hardware, software, network firewalls, and encryption protocols, and they administer security policies to control access to systems. Has understanding of baremetal infrastructure and services (physical servers hosting virtual machines). Applies knowledge of operating systems, cloud infrastructure, virtualized environments, scripting, and networking concepts to support troubleshooting, diagnostics, and resolution of technical issues. Qualifications Required Qualifications: Currently pursuing a Bachelor's Degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or related field. Must have at least one additional quarter/semester of school remaining following the completion of the internship. Additional/Preferred Qualifications: Bachelors or Masters in in Information Systems, Informatics, Information Technology. CISSP, CISA, CISM, SANS, GCIA, GCIH, OSCP, and/or Security+ certification. The base pay range for this internship is USD $5,690.00 - $11,210.00 per month. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $7,410.00 - $12,250.00 per month. Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other compensation. Find additional benefits and pay information here: https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-intern-pay Microsoft accepts applications and processes offers for these roles on an ongoing basis throughout the academic calendar (September - April) This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.36:Ta21,Overview As an MBA intern on the Surface Business Team, you will work on high-impact projects that span multiple parts of the business. You will lead a strategic project that tackles a real business challenge , collaborate cross-functionally, generate insights that inform leadership decisions, and recommend actions that drive measurable outcomes . This role offers visibility into both the strategic and operational sides of the business, with opportunities to work closely with Surface leadership and influence the direction of one of Microsoft’s most innovative product lines. Responsibilities Responsibilities Lead a strategic project to solve a high-impact business problem for the Surface Business, from problem definition to delivering recommendations. Collaborate with cross-functional teams ( product, marketing, finance, etc.) to develop and implement solutions. Conduct market analysis, competitive benchmarking, and portfolio prioritization to inform decision-making. Develop and present recommendations to leadership that drive growth, efficiency, or customer/partner value. Qualifications Required or Minimum Qualifications: Currently pursuing an MBA with a focus in Strategy, Marketing, Operations, or Technology. Strong analytical, communication skills, and storytelling skills. Passion for hardware, software, and AI-driven experiences. Comfortable navigating ambiguity in fast-paced environments. Preferred: Experience in consulting, product strategy, program management, or enterprise sales. Familiarity with Surface products or Microsoft’s commercial ecosystem. Interest in emerging technologies like Copilot, ARM, and AI platforms. Technical work or educational background a plus. This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.37:T1752,NVIDIA is at the forefront of the AI and robotics revolution, and NVIDIA’s robotics teams are on a mission to build the essential technology that can enable any company to become a robotics company. The Seattle Robotics Lab is uniquely positioned at the intersection of open academic research and real-world industry impact, pursuing fundamental and applied robotics research across the full robotics stack, including perception, planning, control, reinforcement learning, imitation learning, simulation, and robotics foundation models. This research aims to transform research paradigms, transfer into NVIDIA’s robotics and simulation products, and create new robotics markets for the world. The Seattle Robotics Lab has published over 500 research papers, including many influential works that have been presented at top robotics, AI, and computer vision conferences. These works include BayesSim, cuRobo, DeXtreme, DiSECT, Factory, GraspNet, IndustReal, ITPS, LAPA, MimicGen, NeRD, RoboLab, RVT, ScheduleStream, and SHAC. (See our publications page for a complete list.) The work has deeply impacted the research community and NVIDIA products, including Isaac Sim, Isaac Lab, Isaac Manipulator, Isaac Lab-Arena, Cosmos, and Newton amongst others. We are looking for PhD-candidate interns to play a pivotal role in our research efforts, providing deep, hands-on technical contributions. Our interns must have exceptional research and engineering skills, a strong research track record, and a team-first mindset. You will have the opportunity to achieve real impact, while working with some of the most creative, brilliant, and motivated researchers in the world. Interns can either be working on their own projects typically aligned with one of our internal efforts, or in some cases directly contribute to one of our efforts. Our former interns have gone on to become full-time researchers and engineers at NVIDIA and other world-leading tech companies, started academic careers at top universities, and launched frontier robotics and AI companies. What you will be doing: Developing algorithms, foundation models, and methods for robotic manipulation and/or loco-manipulation, for industrial, scientific, and household applications; Integrating these methods into real-world robotic manipulation systems, including those consisting of collaborative robot arms, industrial robot arms, mobile manipulators, humanoids, and dexterous hands; Contributing to multi-person research projects that require a diverse set of skills across the robotics and machine learning stack; Engaging with the academic community through high-impact publications, conferences, workshops, and/or code releases; Developing AI agents to accelerate research and engineering while ensuring correctness, reproducibility, and security. What we need to see: Enrolled in a PhD program in Robotics, Machine Learning, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, or a related field; Knowledge of both the theory and practice of robotics and AI, with a strong interest in connecting your work to real-world robotics applications; A demonstrated track record, with first-author work published in top robotics and AI conferences and journals such as RSS, CoRL, ICRA, IJRR, T-RO, Science Robotics, NeurIPS, ICML, ICLR, CVPR, ICCV, ECCV, and EMNLP; Exceptional communication, collaboration, and interpersonal skills, with significant experience working on a team; Exceptional programming skills in Python; in addition, familiarity with C++, CUDA, and Warp is a plus; Fluency in modern deep learning frameworks such as PyTorch or JAX; Experience in AI coding and research agents, including critical validation of their outputs; Experience with robotics frameworks such as ROS2 and physics simulation frameworks such as Isaac Sim, Isaac Lab, Newton, and/or MuJoCo; Comfort in working through the complexities of simulation and real-world robotics, including debugging physics simulators and renderers under rapid development; selecting, setting up, maintaining, and enhancing complex robotics hardware; debugging communication systems; and designing robust workflows for model training and evaluation. The following research areas and applications are of particular interest: Bimanual and dexterous manipulation Mobile manipulation and humanoid loco-manipulation Multimodal robot learning (e.g., vision, tactile, and force/torque sensing) Simulation (classical and neural), sim-to-real, real-to-sim, and world models Learning in the real world (e.g., imitation learning, RL) Robot foundation models (e.g., VLAs, WAMs, world models): pre-training, mid-training and post-training (SFT, RL, etc.) using various data sources (e.g., simulation, teleoperation, egocentric data) Agentic robotics Robot learning theory High-precision manipulation and reliable policy deployment Scientific lab automation The Seattle Robotics Lab is primarily located in the vibrant Fremont neighborhood of Seattle. Our internship hourly rates are a standard pay based on the position, your location, year in school, degree, and experience. The hourly rate for our interns is 38 USD - 94 USD. You will also be eligible for Intern benefits. Applications for this job will be accepted at least until October 4, 2026. This posting is for an existing vacancy. NVIDIA uses AI tools in its recruiting processes. NVIDIA is committed to fostering an inclusive work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing. Today, our AI infrastructure powers global intelligence, transforming every industry. Learn more about NVIDIA.38:T1011,NVIDIA is seeking an outstanding researcher to join our programming systems research team. If you would like to help build the future of computing by equipping programmers with the tools they need to use parallel computing systems, this team will be a great fit for you! We seek to invent innovative parallel algorithm techniques, expressive parallel programming models/languages, powerful code analysis & generation tools, and scalable runtime environments that can help accelerate a broad range of real-world applications. After developing novel solutions and building prototype software that demonstrates their promise, you will work with product teams to help integrate your ideas into NVIDIA's accelerated computing platform. What you'll be doing: Develop algorithms and design software extending the state of the art in parallel computing, machine learning, data analytics, and other technology areas surrounding NVIDIA's business. Invent new techniques, technologies, methodologies, and processes, to enable new products or types of products. Deliverable results include prototypes, patents, leading to products and publications. Produce technology vision and the basis for products 5-10 years out. Focus should not be on products currently shipping or in development, except as to how they can be extended and improved. What we need to see: Pursuing a PhD Degree in relevant discipline(s) (CS, CE, EE, Physics, Math). 2+ years of relevant industrial and University experience preferred. Relevant industries include hardware, software, and algorithm development on desktop, mobile, embedded, and datacenter systems. Strong programming ability in at least one of the following languages: C, C++, Python, and/or Rust. Track record of research contributions in programming languages, compilers, runtime systems, parallel algorithms, formal verification, agentic software authoring/optimization, or related fields. Published academic papers in your field of research. Ways to stand out from the crowd: Expertise in applying programming system insights and techniques to problems in machine learning, data science, and/or distributed computing. Expertise in using AI to author, optimize, verify, and maintain software. Proven ability to implement your ideas to run on the GPU. Experience building software systems used by other developers to solve their own problems. NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-thinking and hardworking people in the world working for us. Are you a creative and autonomous computer scientist with a genuine passion for advancing programming models and systems? Would you like to see your innovations potentially impact a wide variety of verticals and industries ranging from AI to HPC to Autonomous Vehicles and Medical Imaging? Come join a diverse research group that works on hard and meaningful problems; that consistently publishes at top venues in graphics, computer vision, parallel computing, and artificial intelligence; and that values real impact on NVIDIA products and the industry at large. Our internship hourly rates are a standard pay based on the position, your location, year in school, degree, and experience. The hourly rate for our interns is 38 USD - 94 USD. You will also be eligible for Intern benefits. Applications for this job will be accepted at least until October 4, 2026. This posting is for an existing vacancy. NVIDIA uses AI tools in its recruiting processes. NVIDIA is committed to fostering an inclusive work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing. Today, our AI infrastructure powers global intelligence, transforming every industry. Learn more about NVIDIA.39:T1460,Job Details: Job Description: The Graphics Research Organization at Intel is seeking a highly motivated Research Scientist Intern to join its world-class team. This role offers an opportunity to help shape next-generation graphics technologies and experiences by conducting cutting-edge research in real-time 3D rendering, machine learning, and highly parallel algorithms. As an intern, you will collaborate with industry-leading researchers to develop innovative graphics and AI techniques. Your work may contribute directly to Intel's graphics hardware and software products while advancing the state of the art in both industry and academia through research publications. We are looking for curious, collaborative, and technically strong candidates who are passionate about graphics research, possess excellent communication skills, and are eager to explore new ideas that drive innovation. Qualifications: Minimum Qualifications Currently pursuing a PhD in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or a related field with a focus on computer graphics and machine learning. At least 1 year of academic, research, or industry experience in: - Modern C/C++ and Python programming. - Machine learning concepts, algorithms, and frameworks such as PyTorch. - Advanced graphics techniques including rasterization, ray tracing, physically based rendering, light transport, sampling strategies, acceleration structures, level of detail, shading, appearance modeling, and Monte Carlo methods. - Graphics APIs such as OpenGL, Vulkan, or DirectX, and/or shading languages including GLSL and HLSL. - GPGPU programming technologies such as CUDA, SYCL, or OpenCL. Preferred Qualifications Publications in top-tier computer graphics, computer vision conferences, or journals. Strong foundation in linear algebra, numerical optimization, probability, and statistical estimation. Experience with image processing and computer vision techniques, including multi-scale filtering, Fourier transforms, optical flow, feature alignment, and image segmentation. Familiarity with vision transformer models such as DINO, CLIP, and V-JEPA. Experience developing neural rendering applications, including super-resolution, denoising, and deblurring. Research or software engineering experience through internships, industry roles, open-source contributions, or competitive programming. Experience applying machine learning techniques to real-time graphics problems. Understanding of GPU architectures, graphics workloads, and performance optimization. Experience with profiling, debugging, and performance analysis tools. This internship is ideal for PhD students who want to push the boundaries of graphics and AI research while contributing to technologies that impact millions of users worldwide. Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: Virtual US Additional Locations: Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $170,598.00-170,602.00 USD The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role is available as a fully home-based and generally would require you to attend Intel sites only occasionally based on business need. However, you must live and work from the country specified in the job posting, in which Intel has a legal presence. Due to legal regulations, remote work from any other country is unfortunately not permitted. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change.The application window for this job posting is expected to end by 12/30/2027 * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process3a:T1543,Job Details: Job Description: AI Group Power Delivery Pathfinding team is looking for an experienced power delivery scientist to innovate and develop state-of-the-art technologies and solutions in the area of high input voltage (e.g 48V) and high-power density DC-DC Converters to directly power the SOCs. The candidate will be part of a team that is chartered to develop and deliver high power density, high efficiency silicon integrated Voltage Regulators to benefit and differentiate our AI SOC products. The intern will perform research explorations of new circuit architectures, design these complex mixed signal circuits on advanced Silicon processes and PCBs, do simulations/analysis to assess circuit performance and ensure functionality. The ideal candidate should exhibit these behavioral traits: - Ability to work independently, be self-driven, energetic, and fast learner, and ability to work in ambiguous environments is necessary. - Strong verbal and written communication skills are required. - Ability to work effectively in a team environment, contributing and collaborating to the overall success of the group and the project is required. Qualifications: Minimum Qualifications - The candidate must be enrolled in a PhD program in Electrical or Computer Engineering with background/experience in low power analog / digital mixed signal circuit design. - Expertise in Power Electronics, DC-DC voltage converters, power control design and analysis - 2+ yrs of experience in high voltage (48V preferred) DC-DC converter design. Preferred Qualifications - Experience in designing power delivery circuits in advanced silicon process taking from circuit to layout to silicon prototype is highly desirable. - Familiarity with post-silicon verification methods, including testing and characterization techniques. We invite you to bring your innovative ideas and technical expertise to a team where you will contribute directly to groundbreaking advancements in power delivery technologies. Your work will have a lasting impact, shaping the future of AI SOC development. Location & Immigration Information As you consider the opportunity to join Intel, relocation assistance may be available based on eligibility, current location, and the specifics of the role. Job location and modality of work will be communicated at time of offer. This position is not available in the state of Colorado. This position is not eligible for employment-based visa/immigration sponsorship. Intel sponsors individuals for employment-based visas for positions where we experience a shortage of U.S. workers. These skills shortage roles are typically STEM positions requiring a Master's or PhD degree, or a Bachelor's degree with at least three years of post-degree related job experience. This position does not qualify for Intel sponsorship because it is either a non-STEM position, or a STEM position that only requires a Bachelor's degree and less than three years' experience. For information on Intel's immigration sponsorship guidelines, please see: https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/jobs/hiring.html Additional Information This application is for internship starts in Spring and Summer 2027, with consideration also given to candidates interested in year-long internship or co-op opportunities. You must be available to start work during this time frame. Life at Intel Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, Oregon, Hillsboro Additional Locations: Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $141,998.00-142,002.00 USD The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will require an on-site presence. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process3b:T1ada,At Netflix, our mission is to entertain the world. Together, we are writing the next episode - pushing the boundaries of storytelling, global fandom and making the unimaginable a reality. We are a dream team obsessed with the uncomfortable excitement of discovering what happens when you merge creativity, intuition and cutting-edge technology. Come be a part of what’s next. Netflix is one of the world's leading entertainment services, with over 300 million paid memberships in over 190 countries enjoying TV series, films and games across a wide variety of genres and languages. The AI Platform team builds the infrastructure that Netflix's ML and AI systems run on, from large-scale training platforms and post-training/offline infrastructure to GPU-optimized inference and serving. You'll work on infrastructure that's closely co-designed with modeling teams (model–system codesign), so this role suits PhD researchers who enjoy working at the intersection of systems and ML rather than pure modeling. We are looking for individuals with the following qualifications: * Currently enrolled student pursuing a PhD in Computer Science, Distributed Systems, Systems, Networking, Machine Learning, Computer Engineering, or a related field * Research or applied experience in one or more of the following: * Distributed systems, distributed training/serving infrastructure * ML training platforms, post-training or offline infrastructure * Inference and serving optimization, GPU-optimized inference * Model–system codesign * Proficiency in Python; experience with systems languages (Go, C++, or Rust) is a strong plus * Familiarity with distributed compute frameworks (e.g., Ray, Kubernetes, Spark) and ML training/serving stacks * Curious, self-motivated, and excited about solving open-ended infrastructure challenges at Netflix scale * Strong written and verbal communication skills Nice to have: * Publications or strong research alignment with systems-track venues (OSDI, SOSP, NSDI) or applied ML venues * Prior industry or internship experience in ML infrastructure Program details: * 12-week minimum internship with a start date early January 2027 * Based at our Los Gatos, CA headquarters, may be open to remote candidates * Intended for students returning to school for at least one semester/quarter after the internship; conversion/return offers are based on business need and headcount, and are not guaranteed For your application to be considered complete: * You will be sent an Airtable form shortly after you submit your application on our careers site; your application will not be considered complete until you fill out and submit this form. * Include a Resume or CV with complete contact information (email, phone, mailing address) and a list of relevant coursework and publications (if applicable). You will be asked to include a short statement describing your research experiences and interests, and (optionally) their relevance to Netflix Research. For inspiration, have a look at the Netflix Research site. * Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis and it's in the applicant's best interest to apply early. The application window will remain open until roles are filled. About the Internship Program At Netflix, we offer a personalized experience for interns, and our aim is to offer an experience that mimics what it is like to actually work here. We match qualified interns with projects and groups based on interests and skill sets, and fully embed interns within those groups. Netflix is a unique place to work and we live by our values, so it's worth learning more about our culture. * Internships are paid and are a minimum of 12 weeks, with a fixed start date the second week of January 2027 (Winter). Location is flexible for this team, with remote candidates considered. * This program is intended for students who will be returning to school for at least one semester/quarter following the internship to be eligible for full time employment. Conversion or return offers are based on business need and headcount, and are not guaranteed. At Netflix, we carefully consider a wide range of compensation factors to determine the Intern top of market. We rely on market indicators to determine compensation and consider your specific job, skills, and experience to get it right. These considerations can cause your compensation to vary and will also be dependent on your location. The overall market range for Netflix Internships is typically $40/hour - $85/hour. This market range is based on total compensation (vs. only base salary), which is in line with our compensation philosophy. Netflix is a unique culture and environment. Learn more here. Inclusion is a Netflix value and we strive to host a meaningful interview experience for all candidates. If you want an accommodation/adjustment for a disability or any other reason during the hiring process, please send a request to your recruiting partner. We are an equal-opportunity employer and celebrate diversity, recognizing that diversity builds stronger teams. We approach diversity and inclusion seriously and thoughtfully. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, ancestry, national origin, caste, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, age, disability, medical condition, pregnancy, genetic makeup, marital status, or military service. Apply now and help us shape the future of entertainment at Netflix! Netflix provides comprehensive benefits including Health Plans, Mental Health support, a 401(k) Retirement Plan with employer match, Stock Option Program, Disability Programs, Health Savings and Flexible Spending Accounts, Family-forming benefits, and Life and Serious Injury Benefits. We also offer paid leave of absence programs. Full-time hourly employees accrue 35 days annually for paid time off to be used for vacation, holidays, and sick paid time off. Full-time salaried employees are immediately entitled to flexible time off. See more details about our Benefits here. Netflix is a unique culture and environment. Learn more here. Inclusion is a Netflix value and we strive to host a meaningful interview experience for all candidates. If you want an accommodation/adjustment for a disability or any other reason during the hiring process, please send a request to your recruiting partner. We are an equal-opportunity employer and celebrate diversity, recognizing that diversity builds stronger teams. We approach diversity and inclusion seriously and thoughtfully. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, ancestry, national origin, caste, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, age, disability, medical condition, pregnancy, genetic makeup, marital status, or military service. Job is open for no less than 7 days and will be removed when the position is filled.3c:Te25,NVIDIA Research is seeking PhD-level students to work as research interns at the intersection of AI HW/SW Co-Design, Hardware Accelerator Architecture, IC Design Methodology, and VLSI Design. Ideal candidates will have a broad perspective across areas including machine learning fundamentals, quantization and numerical methods for machine learning model optimization, digital VLSI circuits for computer arithmetic, high-productivity VLSI design and verification methodologies including applications of agentic AI to hardware design, AI hardware micro-architecture, and VLSI methodology and implementation. What You’ll Be Doing: Accelerator Design: Contribute to novel research advancing the state-of-the-art in the design of accelerators for AI and other high-impact workloads. VLSI: Research creative and innovative ASIC and VLSI design techniques and/or novel digital VLSI circuits. Apply machine learning, agentic AI, and state-of-the-art tools and methodologies to automated ASIC and VLSI design tool flows. AI HW/SW Co-Design: Research and develop creative and innovative numerical methods for quantization, sparsity, or tensor decomposition grounded in computer arithmetic fundamentals and digital VLSI circuits. Collaborate on the development of research prototype testchips. Collaborate with AI researchers and hardware team members in research and product teams. Plan to publish and present your original research. What We Need To See: Pursuing a PhD in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or related field. Publication records in leading ML, architecture, VLSI, or circuits conferences. Excellent programming skills in Python/PyTorch and hardware design languages such as SystemVerilog/C++; Experience with High-Level Synthesis (HLS) tools is a plus. VLSI Implementation Skills: Experience in hardware design with proficiency with modern EDA tool flows; Tapeout experience is a plus. Excellent self-motivation, a high degree of creativity, and a passion for research, collaboration skills, and the ability to work effectively within a research team. Excellent written and verbal communication skills, with proven experience communicating technical work (e.g., academic presentations, poster sessions); ability to synthesize and explain complex technical concepts. Widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers, NVIDIA has some of the most forward-thinking and hardworking people in the world inventing the future for us. Are you a creative and collaborative researcher interested in seeking new challenges? If so, we want to hear from you! Our internship hourly rates are a standard pay based on the position, your location, year in school, degree, and experience. The hourly rate for our interns is 38 USD - 94 USD. You will also be eligible for Intern benefits. Applications for this job will be accepted at least until October 3, 2026. This posting is for an existing vacancy. NVIDIA uses AI tools in its recruiting processes. NVIDIA is committed to fostering an inclusive work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing. Today, our AI infrastructure powers global intelligence, transforming every industry. Learn more about NVIDIA.3d:T133d,Overview Research Internships at Microsoft provide a dynamic environment for research careers with a network of world-class research labs led by globally-recognized scientists and engineers, who pursue innovation in a range of scientific and technical disciplines to help solve complex challenges in diverse fields, including computing, healthcare, economics, and the environment. The Data Systems group at Microsoft Research works on problems in data management in the era of cloud computing and artificial intelligence. We work on large-scale cloud data platforms including aspects such as resource management, storage, hardware-accelerated query processing, query optimization, and auto-tuning. Another area of interest is discovery and curation of data in the context of data lakes. We are also exploring how to enable users and AI agents to interact with data systems safely and efficiently. Our research innovations have been incorporated into Microsoft products and services including SQL Server, Azure SQL Database, Azure Cosmos DB, Microsoft Fabric, Dynamics 365, Microsoft Excel, and Power Query. Our research has also led to open-source software. Our work has also had significant impact on academia. We publish at top venues including SIGMOD, VLDB, CIDR, OSDI, and NeurIPS. Our research has received multiple best-paper, influential-paper, and test-of-time awards, including Best Paper and Best Paper Honorable Mention at VLDB 2026 and Best Industry Paper at SIGMOD 2026. As a Research Intern, you will collaborate closely with researchers and engineers to advance the state-of-the-art in data systems. Research Internship projects emphasize research innovation with the potential for real-world impact. Responsibilities Research Interns put inquiry and theory into practice. Alongside fellow doctoral candidates and some of the world’s best researchers, Research Interns learn, collaborate, and network for life. Research Interns not only advance their own careers, but they also contribute to exciting research and development strides. During the 12-week internship, Research Interns are paired with mentors and expected to collaborate with other Research Interns and researchers, present findings, and contribute to the vibrant life of the community. Research internships are available in all areas of research, and are offered year-round, though they typically begin in the summer. Qualifications Required Qualifications Accepted or currently enrolled in a PhD program in Computer Science or related STEM field. Other Requirements Research Interns are expected to be physically located in their manager’s Microsoft worksite location for the duration of their internship. In addition to the qualifications below, you’ll need to submit a minimum of two reference letters for this position as well as a cover letter and any relevant work or research samples. After you submit your application, a request for letters may be sent to your list of references on your behalf. Note that reference letters cannot be requested until after you have submitted your application, and furthermore, that they might not be automatically requested for all candidates. You may wish to alert your letter writers in advance, so they will be ready to submit your letter. Preferred Qualifications Familiarity with data systems internals. Proficient in application of AI/Machine Learning technologies to data management problems. The base pay range for this internship is USD $6,810 - $13,480 per month. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $8,920 - $14,610 per month. Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other compensation. Find additional benefits and pay information here: https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-intern-pay Microsoft accepts applications and processes offers for these roles on an ongoing basis throughout the academic calendar (September - April). This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.3e:T176f,Job Details: Job Description: The Role and Impact Intel is seeking a highly motivated Software Research Intern (PhD) to join the TCAD Software Development team within Intel Foundry. This internship offers an opportunity to work on advanced computational software solutions supporting semiconductor technology development. The selected candidate will contribute to cutting-edge software applications involving computational geometry, scientific computing, visualization, CAD technologies, and high-performance computing. The internship is designed for PhD students interested in applying software engineering and research expertise to solve complex engineering challenges while collaborating with multidisciplinary teams across Intel. Business Group The Intel Foundry Technology Development (TD) organization is focused on driving semiconductor process innovation and enabling future technology nodes. Within the LTD-TD TCAD team, engineers and researchers develop advanced simulation, modeling, and software solutions used to accelerate technology development. The team fosters a collaborative environment where software, mathematics, physics, and engineering intersect to solve challenging technical problems. Key Responsibilities Design, develop, and optimize software solutions for engineering and research applications. Participate in architecture design, feature development, prototyping, testing, and performance optimization. Develop and enhance computational geometry algorithms and scientific software tools. Create and improve 2D and 3D visualization capabilities using modern graphics technologies. Develop numerical methods and simulation capabilities using finite element, level set, or related techniques. Collaborate with software engineers, researchers, and domain experts to deliver scalable and maintainable solutions. Perform software development, debugging, and performance analysis in Linux environments. Document technical solutions and present findings to project stakeholders. Qualifications: Minimum Qualifications Candidates must be currently pursuing a PhD in one of the following or related disciplines with a strong software focus: Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Chemical Engineering, Physics, Applied Mathematics or other closely related technical fields Minimum 3 months of educational, research, laboratory, internship, or industry experience. Strong academic performance with a cumulative GPA of 3.0 or higher preferred. 3+ months of academic or professional experience in one or more of the following: - Python and/or C++ programming - Computational Geometry - Scientific Visualization - CAD Tool Development - Optimization Algorithms Strong analytical, problem-solving, and software development skills. Preferred Qualifications Experience in at least two of the following areas: Computational geometry algorithm design, analysis, and implementation (2D and 3D). Computer graphics and scientific visualization using OpenGL and/or ray tracing technologies. Contribute to CAD and geometry processing workflows involving solid modeling and voxel-based representations. Implement and optimize mesh generation algorithms for engineering simulations. 2D and 3D mesh generation algorithms, including: - Delaunay triangulation - Quad meshing - Hex meshing CAD geometry representation, solid modeling, and voxel processing. Numerical analysis techniques including: - Finite Element Methods (FEM) - Level Set Methods - Related computational modeling approaches Parallel programming and high-performance computing. Experience developing scalable scientific or engineering software applications. User Interface (UI) and User Experience (UX) development for scientific or engineering software. Experience with Qt framework for desktop application development. Image processing and visualization techniques for scientific and engineering applications. Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, Oregon, Hillsboro Additional Locations: Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $149,598.00-149,602.00 USD The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will require an on-site presence. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process3f:T115f,Job Details: Job Description: The Role and Impact As a System Software Engineering PhD Intern, you will contribute to the design, development, and validation of system software across multiple layers of the software stack, including firmware, drivers, operating systems, and middleware. This hands-on role allows you to apply your knowledge and build skills while working on impactful projects that support Intel's business goals. Your contributions will play a key role in optimizing Intel platforms and technologies for specific domains and market segments. Business group The Intel Foundry team is dedicated to developing and enabling advanced semiconductor manufacturing solutions that power Intel's leading-edge technologies. As a part of the LTD CMT Litho Tools organization, this internship provides an opportunity to engage in innovative software development and optimization work that supports Intel's broader mission of delivering world-class products to its customers. Key Responsibilities Design, develop, and validate system software across firmware, drivers, operating systems, and middleware layers. Collaborate on cross-stack software optimization for platforms and technologies. Contribute to reference platform development for targeted domains and market segments. Engage in hands-on projects that explore new methodologies and solutions in system software engineering. Learn and apply technical knowledge while building career-relevant skills in a collaborative environment. Qualifications: Minimum Qualifications Candidate must be pursuing PhD in Engineering, Computer Science, Physics or Mathematics. Candidate must have demonstrated 1 year programming experience in C/C++, Java or Python. Preferred Qualifications Candidate should have worked on a project in fields of Computational geometry, Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning, Numerical optimization, scientific computing. Flexibility to work a 3-month internship during the Summer of 2027 located in Hillsboro, OR. 3.5 or higher GPA is preferred We invite you to bring your unique skills and perspective to Intel, where innovation thrives. Join us and contribute to shaping the future of technology while developing your expertise and exploring limitless career possibilities. Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, Oregon, Hillsboro Additional Locations: Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $149,598.00-149,602.00 USD The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will be eligible for our hybrid work model which allows employees to split their time between working on-site at their assigned Intel site and off-site. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process40:Ta8e,At NVIDIA, we are building Cosmos world foundation models and generative AI systems for Physical AI across robotics, autonomous driving, smart spaces, and embodied agents. The NVIDIA Cosmos Platform enables multimodal world understanding, simulation, synthetic data generation, and embodied reasoning. We are looking for outstanding PhD interns to help advance the frontier of Physical AI and world models. What you’ll be doing: Conduct research in generative AI, multimodal foundation models, world models, and embodied AI. Develop algorithms for video understanding/generation, action-conditioned simulation, multimodal reasoning, and policy learning. Train and evaluate large-scale models using video, image, language, and robotics or autonomous driving data. Collaborate with researchers and engineers across AI, robotics, simulation, and graphics teams. Publish research at top conferences and transfer innovations into NVIDIA products. What we need to see: Currently pursuing a PhD in CS, EE, Robotics, or related fields. Strong background in generative AI, computer vision, multimodal learning, robotics, or reinforcement learning. Prior publication record and research experience. Strong Python and PyTorch skills. Ways to stand out from the crowd: Experience with large-scale foundation model training. Research in video models, VLMs, world models, robotics, or autonomous driving. Experience with distributed training, simulation, or embodied AI. NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-thinking and hardworking people in the world working for us. If you're creative and autonomous, we want to hear from you! Our internship hourly rates are a standard pay based on the position, your location, year in school, degree, and experience. The hourly rate for our interns is 38 USD - 94 USD. You will also be eligible for Intern benefits. Applications for this job will be accepted at least until September 27, 2026. This posting is for an existing vacancy. NVIDIA uses AI tools in its recruiting processes. NVIDIA is committed to fostering an inclusive work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing. Today, our AI infrastructure powers global intelligence, transforming every industry. Learn more about NVIDIA.41:Tcbc,NVIDIA Research is seeking PhD-level students to work as research interns and drive groundbreaking research at the intersection of AI, GPU computing, Formal Methods, and Electronic Design Automation (EDA). AI and GPU acceleration are transforming chip design, and this role offers the opportunity to shape that future. In this internship, you will gain a broad perspective across areas including EDA algorithms, agentic AI, LLMs, and GPU computing. Specific areas of research interest include but are not limited to GPU-accelerated optimization algorithms, physical design algorithms, formal methods, agentic AI, and reinforcement learning techniques. What You’ll Be Doing: Apply AI (Agentic AI, LLMs, Generative AI, Reinforcement learning) and GPU acceleration to chip design workflows. Research and develop creative and innovative EDA software and algorithms. Collaborate with circuits, VLSI, and architecture team members in research and product teams. Plan to publish and present your original research What We Need To See: Pursuing a PhD in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or related fields Publications in leading EDA or AI conferences on AI for EDA, Formal Methods, or GPU-accelerated EDA. Excellent programming skills in rapid prototyping environments such as Python; C++ and parallel programming (e.g., CUDA) is a plus. Expertise in EDA (e.g., formal verification techniques, logic synthesis, physical design, and timing and signoff) algorithms combined with publications and project experience applying AI to impactful problems. Excellent self-motivation, a high degree of creativity, and a passion for research, collaboration skills, and the ability to work effectively within a research team. Excellent written and verbal communication skills, with proven experience communicating technical work (e.g., academic presentations, poster sessions); ability to synthesize and explain complex technical concepts. Widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers, NVIDIA has some of the most forward-thinking and hardworking people in the world inventing the future for us. Are you a creative and collaborative researcher interested in seeking new challenges? If so, we want to hear from you! Our internship hourly rates are a standard pay based on the position, your location, year in school, degree, and experience. The hourly rate for our interns is 38 USD - 94 USD. You will also be eligible for Intern benefits. Applications for this job will be accepted at least until September 27, 2026. This posting is for an existing vacancy. NVIDIA uses AI tools in its recruiting processes. NVIDIA is committed to fostering an inclusive work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing. Today, our AI infrastructure powers global intelligence, transforming every industry. Learn more about NVIDIA.42:Tc38,NVIDIA Research is seeking leading researchers in the area of simulation and AI for quantum. You should have a strong background of research excellence, software systems building experience, and interest in advancing the state-of-the-art in quantum computing and applications of GPUs to the quantum computing ecosystem. Specific areas of research interest include but are not limited to bespoke quantum representations, tensor network methods, quantum surrogate modeling, quantum inverse design, and automated proving for quantum systems. What you’ll be doing: Research and develop creative and innovative algorithms and software systems for the quantum computing ecosystem. Collaborate with research and product teams in the areas of machine learning, programming systems, and quantum computing. Publish and present your original research, speak at conferences and events. Collaborate with external quantum computing researchers. Run large-scale experiments on large clusters of GPUs to advance the state-of-the-art in quantum computing simulation. What we need to see: Currently pursuing a Ph.D. in Quantum Physics or related fields 1+ years of relevant research experience in quantum computing with a strong research record, well-referenced publications and/or patents. Strong basis in linear algebra and expertise in math for quantum computing and tensor algebraic methods. Experience with Python and, ideally, CUDA Experience with commonly used machine learning frameworks (PyTorch, Tensorflow, JAX). Strong communication and teamwork skills. NVIDIA’s invention of the GPU in 1999 sparked the growth of the PC gaming market, redefined modern computer graphics, and revolutionized parallel computing. More recently, GPU deep learning ignited modern AI — the next era of computing — with the GPU acting as the brain of computers, robots, and self-driving cars that can perceive and understand the world. Today, we are increasingly known as “the AI computing company.” We're looking to grow our company, and build our teams with the smartest people in the world. Join us at the forefront of technological advancement. Our internship hourly rates are a standard pay based on the position, your location, year in school, degree, and experience. The hourly rate for our interns is 38 USD - 94 USD. You will also be eligible for Intern benefits. Applications for this job will be accepted at least until September 27, 2026. This posting is for an existing vacancy. NVIDIA uses AI tools in its recruiting processes. NVIDIA is committed to fostering an inclusive work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing. Today, our AI infrastructure powers global intelligence, transforming every industry. Learn more about NVIDIA.43:Te7a,NVIDIA has continuously reinvented itself over two decades. Our invention of the GPU in 1999 fueled the growth of the PC gaming market, redefined modern computer graphics, and revolutionized parallel computing. More recently, GPU deep learning ignited modern AI — the next era of computing. NVIDIA is a “learning machine” that constantly evolves by adapting to new opportunities which are hard to tackle, that only we can pursue, and that matter to the world. This is our life’s work, to amplify human inventiveness and intelligence. We are now looking for a motivated Physical Design and Timing Engineer – Intern to join our dynamic and growing team. If you want to challenge yourself and be a part of something great, join us today! What you'll be doing: Drive physical design, power, and timing closure for high-frequency and low-power designs. Help drive frontend and backend implementation in select areas, from RTL to GDSII. Run physical design experiments and help develop flows and methodologies. What we need to see: Pursuing an MS or Ph.D. in Electrical or Computer Engineering. Familiarity with applying AI/ML techniques to physical design workflows to accelerate design, analysis, or automation tasks. Knowledge of or experience with Static Timing Analysis (STA), power analysis, and power reduction. Some experience in logic synthesis and equivalence checking. Experience with physical optimization, e.g., placement, routing, clock tree, etc. Some background in industry-standard EDA tools (e.g., Cadence, Synopsys, Siemens, etc.). Proficiency in programming and scripting languages such as Perl, Tcl, Make, Python, etc. Ways to stand out from the crowd: Hands-on experience applying AI/ML models or LLM-based tools to solve EDA, design automation, or physical design problems. Previous work experience in physical design. Experience in methodology and/or flow development/automation. Please note – The interview process for this internship will include submitting a solution to a technical problem in the form of a short PowerPoint slide deck. This is applicable for candidates who are invited to a 2nd phone interview. More information about the Business Challenge will be sent after being invited to a 2nd interview. Final decision will be made based on Business Challenge submission and interviews. NVIDIA is widely considered one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We employ some of the most forward-thinking and talented people in the world. Are you passionate about joining our life work to amplify human creativity and intelligence? If you are creative, collaborative, and have a real passion for design methodology and automation, we want to hear from you. Our internship hourly rates are a standard pay based on the position, your location, year in school, degree, and experience. The hourly rate for our interns is 20 USD - 71 USD. You will also be eligible for Intern benefits. Applications for this job will be accepted at least until September 26, 2026. This posting is for an existing vacancy. NVIDIA uses AI tools in its recruiting processes. NVIDIA is committed to fostering an inclusive work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing. Today, our AI infrastructure powers global intelligence, transforming every industry. Learn more about NVIDIA.44:T1d66,Overview We're hiring for multiple 6-month internship positions beginning in January 2027. Business Function Overview: In alignment with our Microsoft values, we are committed to cultivating an inclusive work environment for all employees to positively impact our culture every day and we need you as a Datacenter Critical Environment Technician (CET) Intern. Microsoft’s Cloud Operations & Innovation (CO+I) is the engine that powers our cloud services. As a CET Intern, you will perform a key role in delivering the core infrastructure and foundational technologies for Microsoft's online services including Bing, Office 365, Xbox, OneDrive, and the Microsoft Azure platform. As a group, CO+I is focused on the personal and professional development for all employees and offers trainings and growth opportunities including Career Rotation Programs, Diversity & Inclusion trainings and events, and professional certifications. Our infrastructure is comprised of a large global portfolio of more than 100 datacenters and 1 million servers. Our foundation is built upon and managed by a team of subject matter experts working to support services for more than 1 billion customers and 20 million businesses in over 90 countries worldwide. With environmental sustainability and optimization at the forefront of our datacenter design and operations, we continue to grow and evolve as we meet the ever-changing business demands that hold Microsoft as a world-class cloud provider. Do you want to empower billions across the world? Come and join us in CO+I and be at the forefront of the action! Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate to empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond. Responsibilities Learn how to operate all systems and equipment in a safe and professional manner and learn about all risks associated with these systems. Perform basic monitoring and inspection of critical environment-related facility equipment, building, and grounds for unsafe or abnormal conditions and basic monitoring of the performance of maintenance and operations of equipment (e.g., electrical, mechanical, fire/life safety) within the data center. Utilize internal computerized maintenance management system (CMMS) to track all equipment assets and to complete work order requests for maintenance work. Safely assist in providing emergency monitoring and response to various abnormal conditions with supervision following emergency operating procedures (EOPs). Gather necessary information and participate in the creation of incident timelines/data, root-cause analyses, and/or action items following an abnormal condition as required. Perform various types of maintenance (e.g., planned, predictive, corrective) as assigned following methods of procedure (MOPs), and standard operating procedures (SOPs). Provide assistance by prepping materials and performing administrative tasks as instructed. Document tasks/issues found in maintenance and troubleshooting for follow up as needed and escalate as appropriate. Embody our culture and values Qualifications Required Qualifications: High School Diploma or equivalent. Basic knowledge of electrical and/or mechanical systems Minimum of 18 years of age. You are studying at/or have graduated from a technical college. Background Check Requirements: Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter The successful candidate currently has the ability to obtain Reliability Status screening from a duly authorized department or agency of the Government of Canada. This process includes but is not limited to: Verification of identity, background, education, professional credentials, personal and professional references, credit check and criminal background check. Reliability Status screening may also require a security questionnaire and security interview. To obtain the requisite clearance within required timelines, applicants must have five (5) years of continuous Canadian residency and must not have lived or worked outside of Canada for more than six (6) months during that time unless Microsoft is satisfied that the requisite clearance can nevertheless be obtained within required timelines. Preferred Qualifications: Electrical or mechanical diploma. Trade certification. Ability to support frequent standing, walking, lifting, and working at heights with or without equipment assistance. Able to communicate effectively with multiple stakeholders. Proficient in written and oral English communication to support regional and global teams. Desire to learn, grow, and develop new technical skills. Flexibility to work non-standard business hours that may include weekends and/or holidays. Intern - Data Center- The typical base pay range for this role across Canada is CAD $43,800 - CAD $50,000 per year. Find additional pay information here: https://careers.microsoft.com/v2/global/en/canada-pay-information.html Ce poste sera ouvert pendant au moins cinq jours et les candidatures seront acceptées de façon continue jusqu’à ce que le poste soit pourvu. This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled. Microsoft est un employeur offrant l’égalité d’accès à l’emploi. Tous les candidats qualifiés seront pris en considération pour l’emploi, sans égard à l’âge, à l’ascendance, à la citoyenneté, à la couleur, aux congés médicaux ou familiaux, à l’identité ou à l’expression de genre, aux renseignements génétiques, à l’état d’immigration, à l’état matrimonial, à l’état de santé, à l’origine nationale, à un éventuel handicap physique ou mental, à l’affiliation politique, au statut de vétéran protégé ou au statut militaire, à la race, à l’ethnie, à la religion, au sexe (y compris la grossesse), à l’orientation sexuelle ou à toute autre caractéristique protégée par les lois, ordonnances et règlements locaux applicables. Si vous avez besoin d’aide avec des accommodements religieux et/ou d’un accommodement raisonnable en raison d’un handicap pendant le processus de candidature, apprenez-en plus sur la demande d’accommodement. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.45:T1807,Overview Come build community, explore your passions and do your best work at Microsoft with thousands of university interns from every corner of the world. This opportunity will allow you to bring your aspirations, talent, potential – and excitement for the journey ahead. ​​ This internship will take place during the summer of 2027 in Redmond, WA. As a Finance MBA Intern in Microsoft’s Central Finance Team, you will own a high-impact project for 12 weeks that helps senior Finance leaders understand business performance, evaluate strategic tradeoffs, and make informed decisions across one of the world’s largest technology companies. The Central Finance team at Microsoft is responsible for analysis of company performance, creation of financial forecasts, development of the annual budget, ensuring accurate close results, and providing ad-hoc support for management requests. Your project will provide you with valuable insights into the company, its stakeholders’ objectives, internal systems, operating practices, and constraints. You will be able to apply your previous knowledge and skills to develop solutions to complex issues. Throughout your internship, you will have the chance to learn about various aspects of the company and its operations. At the end of your internship, you will have the opportunity to present your work and findings to senior finance leaders. This is a great opportunity for MBA students to gain hands-on experience and make meaningful contributions to the company. As an intern at Microsoft, you’re stepping into a world of real impact from day one. You’ll collaborate with global teams on meaningful projects, explore cutting-edge technologies like AI, and kick start your career while doing it. With a strong focus on learning and development, this is your opportunity to grow your skills, build community, and shape your future. You will be supported by an intern manager and the broader Finance community, with opportunities to receive mentorship, connect with Finance leaders, explore career paths across Microsoft, and build relationships with fellow interns. Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate and empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond. ​ Responsibilities Contributes to the analysis of present and future financial performance of various products, segments, or other businesses. Assists more upper-level team members to conduct analysis and research studies of financial plans, acquisition activity, and future opportunities. ​ Assists in the execution of annual business planning and forecasting process. Gathers insight and contributes to analysis and research to support preliminary and adjusted forecast cycles. ​ Contributes insights for financial plans, variance analysis, resource optimization, investments, key performance indicators (KPIs), long-range planning, and driving margin accountability. Manages and executes processes through engagement with internal and external stakeholders. ​ Assembles and summarizes data through data mining and business intelligence to structure reports and financial models for decision support. Leverages statistical analyses, predictive analytics, and financial modeling techniques to conduct sophisticated analyses. Acts as subject matter expert for data management and operations. Understands the history of data procurement, location, methods, issues, and actions taken. ​ Use AI-enabled tools, automation, and advanced analytics to accelerate financial analysis, identify insights, and improve the scalability and quality of Finance processes. Communicates recurring and ad-hoc results in a logical and understandable message. ​ Embody our culture and values . ​ Qualifications Required Qualifications ​ Currently pursuing a Full-time Master of Business Administration (MBA) degree. ​ Must have at least 1 semester/term remaining following the completion of the internship. ​ 3+ years experience in financial analysis, accounting, controllership, finance, or related field OR equivalent experience ​ ​ Preferred Qualifications ​ Demonstrated experience in Financial Planning and Analysis (FP&A) within a global organization ​ Proven track record of working in large-scale global organizations ​ Extensive corporate finance experience, including financial analysis, forecasting, and budgeting The base pay range for this internship is USD $5,190.00 - $10,250.00 per month. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $6,810.00 - $11,330.00 per month. Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other compensation. Find additional benefits and pay information here: https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-intern-pay Microsoft accepts applications and processes offers for these roles on an ongoing basis throughout the academic calendar (September - April) This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.46:T16f6,Overview Come build community, explore your passions and do your best work at Microsoft with thousands of university interns from every corner of the world. This opportunity will allow you to bring your aspirations, talent, potential – and excitement for the journey ahead. This internship will take place during the summer of 20 27 As a Finance MBA Intern, you will work for 12 weeks in the Treasury Team at Microsoft. This team is responsible for th e oversight of Microsoft’s $1 0 0 + billion in financial assets, global cash and bank account infrastructure , and supports collection of over 95% of Microsoft’s revenue . Treasury also develops and executes funding strategies to support Microsoft’s AI and Cloud investments and provides a broad perspective on business risk and strategies to mitigate it. Interns will have the opportunity to work alongside members of the Treasury Team to deliver recommendations on key projects. These projects will provide you with valuable insights into the company, its stakeholders’ objectives , internal systems, operating practices, and constraints. Throughout your internship, you will have the chance to learn about various aspects of the company and its Tre asury operations. At the end of your internship, you will have the opportunity to present your work and findings to upper-level finance leaders. This is a great opportunity for MBA students to gain hands-on experience and make meaningful contributions to the company . As an intern at Microsoft, you’re stepping into a world of real impact from day one. You’ll collaborate with global teams on meaningful projects, explore cutting-edge technologies like AI, and kick start your career while doing it. With a strong focus on learning and development, this is your opportunity to grow your skills, build community, and shape your future—all while being supported every step of the way. Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate and empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond. Responsibilities Contribute to the analysis of current and projected cash flows, liquidity positions, funding needs, and capital requirements across Microsoft’s global businesses. Support research and analytical projects that inform treasury strategy, capital allocation decisions, and financial planning activities. Assist in the evaluation of capital structure, capital return, investment, and funding strategies through financial modeling, peer benchmarking, and market research. Develop insights on industry trends, macroeconomic developments, and key financial metrics to support decision making. Support initiatives focused on optimizing liquidity, managing financial risks, enhancing banking and payment capabilities, and improving treasury operations. Collaborate with internal stakeholders and external financial partners to execute treasury processes and identify opportunities for efficiency and innovation. Analyze economic, financial market, and business data to assess implications for Microsoft’s investment portfolio and treasury strategy. Apply quantitative and analytical techniques to evaluate scenarios, model outcomes, and develop recommendations within a risk and return framework. Synthesize complex financial information into clear, actionable insights and communicate findings through executive-ready presentations, reports, and recommendations for treasury leadership and cross-functional partners. Embody our culture and values . Qualifications Required Qualifications Currently pursuing a Full-time Master of Business Administration (MBA) degree. Must have at least 1 semester/term remaining following the completion of the internship. 3+ years experience in financial analysis, accounting, , finance, or related field OR equivalent experience Preferred Qualifications Demonstrated experience in Financial Planning and Analysis (FP&A), Treasury, or banking within a global organization Proven track record of working in large-scale global organizations Extensive corporate finance experience, including financial analysis, forecasting, and budgeting The base pay range for this internship is USD $5,190.00 - $10,250.00 per month. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $6,810.00 - $11,330.00 per month. Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other compensation. Find additional benefits and pay information here: https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-intern-pay Microsoft accepts applications and processes offers for these roles on an ongoing basis throughout the academic calendar (September - April) This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.47:T1216,NVIDIA is seeking outstanding Research Interns to join the Data-Driven AI for Robotics (DAIR) group. The focus is on learning embodied skills from large-scale human data. Our objective is to develop AI systems that capture, understand, and reproduce complex human motion and interaction skills across physical and digital embodiments, including humanoid robots and animated characters. Our research spans the full stack: reconstructing human motion and human-object interactions from video; generating diverse, controllable character behaviors; transferring motion across embodiments; and training physically grounded controllers for humanoid robots and interactive virtual characters. You will collaborate with a passionate and supportive research team that consistently produces influential work published at leading computer vision, machine learning, graphics, and robotics conferences. You will also have the opportunity to collaborate with world-class research and product teams across NVIDIA, following our strong “one-team” culture. What you'll be doing: Innovate and implement novel AI algorithms that transform large-scale human data into controllable motion and interaction skills across physical and digital embodiments. Develop robust, scalable training and inference pipelines for motion reconstruction, generation, retargeting, and character and robot control. Build methods that transfer human skills to humanoid robots, including whole-body loco-manipulation and dexterous manipulation. Maintain a close, collaborative relationship with your mentor(s). Publish your research findings at leading computer vision, machine learning, graphics, and robotics conferences. Partner with product teams to enable effective technology transfer of your work. Research Topics Include: Human motion and human-object interaction reconstruction, synthesis, and generation. Learning character and robot skills from video, motion-capture, and teleoperation data. Cross-embodiment motion generation, retargeting, and tracking. Whole-body humanoid control, loco-manipulation, and dexterous manipulation. Reinforcement learning and imitation learning. Differentiable physics simulation and physically grounded motion generation. World action models, vision-language-action models, video and motion foundation models, and LLM-based agents for data generation and embodied AI. What we need to see: Pursuing a PhD degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Robotics, or a related field. Highly efficient and creative use of coding agents to accelerate research prototyping, experimentation, and development. Outstanding engineering skills in rapid prototyping and developing model-training and simulation frameworks (e.g., PyTorch, Isaac Lab, MuJoCo). Excellent skills in working with large-scale machine learning/AI systems and compute infrastructure. A promising research track record with at least one publication at leading computer vision, computer graphics or robotics conference (e.g. CVPR, ICCV, SIGGRAPH, CoRL, etc.). Experience in human motion modeling, human-object interaction, character animation, robot learning, reinforcement or imitation learning, cross-embodiment motion tracking, generative modeling, video understanding, or differentiable physics simulation is preferred. NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-thinking and productive people in the world. Please join us and be at the forefront of developing the next generation of embodied AI systems, spanning humanoid robots and digital characters. Our internship hourly rates are a standard pay based on the position, your location, year in school, degree, and experience. The hourly rate for our interns is 38 USD - 94 USD. You will also be eligible for Intern benefits. Applications for this job will be accepted at least until September 25, 2026. This posting is for an existing vacancy. NVIDIA uses AI tools in its recruiting processes. NVIDIA is committed to fostering an inclusive work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing. Today, our AI infrastructure powers global intelligence, transforming every industry. Learn more about NVIDIA.48:T10b2,NVIDIA Research is seeking extraordinary networking innovators to join our NVResearch team. As a research intern on this team, you will contribute to the development of future high-performance networking and computing systems. We are seeking a balanced background of research excellence in building systems and a deep understanding and broad perspective across the fields of computer architecture and communication systems for distributed computation. NVIDIA has pioneered programmable GPUs and the CUDA language, and this visionary Research team will take those technologies to the next level with its creative ideas and new inventions. This position offers you the opportunity to have a real impact while working with some of the most creative and forward-thinking people in the world who are here at this dynamic, technology-focused company.  What you'll be doing:  Develop algorithms and design hardware and software, extending the state of the art in computing, networking, and other technology areas surrounding NVIDIA's business.  Invent new techniques, technologies, methodologies, processes, and devices, to enable new products or types of products. Deliverable results include prototypes, patents, and publications. Contribute to research that informs NVIDIA's technology direction 5-10 years out. Work focuses on long-horizon problems rather than products currently shipping or in development, except as to how they can be extended and improved.  Projects can include but are not limited to: optimizing communication stacks for AI training and inference, designing network protocols and congestion control, co-designing AI systems across software and hardware, developing circuits and microarchitecture for network controllers and switches, and architecting networks built on optical switching and silicon photonics. What we need to see:  Pursuing a PhD degree in CS, CE, EE, Physics, Math, or equivalent program. Relevant industry or university research experience (hardware, software, networking). Background in networking architectures, topologies, routing, and system design. Publications at top-tier conferences (ISCA, HPCA, NSDI, SIGCOMM, etc.), or research clearly on track toward them. Hands-on experience with simulation of networks and high-performance computing systems. Familiarity with inference and training systems for AI models and associated communication patterns. Excellent programming skills in a rapid prototyping environment such as Python; C++ and parallel programming. Experience building or using AI agents to accelerate research — automating experiments, analyzing results, or generating and reviewing code. Widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers, NVIDIA is an industry leader with groundbreaking developments in High-Performance Computing, Artificial Intelligence and Visualization. The GPU, our invention, serves as the visual cortex of modern computers and is at the heart of our products and services. Our work opens up new universes to explore, enables amazing creativity and discovery and powers what were once science fiction inventions from artificial intelligence to autonomous cars. NVIDIA is looking for great research talent to help us accelerate the next wave of computing! Our internship hourly rates are a standard pay based on the position, your location, year in school, degree, and experience. The hourly rate for our interns is 38 USD - 94 USD. You will also be eligible for Intern benefits. Applications for this job will be accepted at least until September 25, 2026. This posting is for an existing vacancy. NVIDIA uses AI tools in its recruiting processes. NVIDIA is committed to fostering an inclusive work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing. Today, our AI infrastructure powers global intelligence, transforming every industry. Learn more about NVIDIA.49:Tc5e,NVIDIA’s Quantum and Chemistry Research team is seeking Molecular AI and Quantum Research Interns to work in our newly-formed Quantum and Chemistry Research team led by Alán Aspuru-Guzik. The Quantum and Chemistry Research team explores novel approaches to integrate world-class NVIDIA multi GPU architectures with state-of-the-art and near-term quantum computers. We also study how to develop new AI models for chemistry as well as agentic systems for computational chemistry. We are interested in robotics for self-driving labs as well. The Quantum and Chemistry Research Scientist will help develop either of: Quantum algorithms at the interface of artificial intelligence and many-body physics models such as quantum chemistry. Generative models for chemistry. Self-driving lab robotics capabilities. Agentic AI systems for computational chemistry. What You'll Be Doing: Advance the state-of-the-art of AI-driven quantum algorithms, generative models for chemistry, self-driving labs, or agentic AI. Present at relevant scientific, technical and industry conferences. What We Need To See: Pursuing a PhD Degree in Chemistry, Physics, Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Engineering, or related engineering field. Background in Quantum Information Science, or AI for chemistry with expertise in one of the following: quantum chemistry, quantum machine learning, or applied quantum algorithms, robotics for self-driving labs, generative models for chemistry, or computational agentic frameworks. Research experience in a graduate setting in any of the topics above. World-class communication skills with a demonstrated ability to articulate a value proposition to technical and non-technical audiences. Ways To Stand Out From The Crowd: Background with GPU computing. Experience in software systems development. Experience in Machine Learning methods. Experience scaling or optimizing large-scale AI models. Hands-on experience in scientific computing, high-performance computing, applied machine learning, or deep learning. NVIDIA's invention of the GPU revolutionized parallel computing. Our GPUs are being used in many of the largest high-performance computing projects around the world, solving real world problems, including advancing the state of Quantum Information Science. NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of high technology's most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-thinking and experienced people in the world working for us. Our goal is to craft an environment where we can do our life's best work. If you're creative, autonomous, and highly motivated, we want to hear from you! Our internship hourly rates are a standard pay based on the position, your location, year in school, degree, and experience. The hourly rate for our interns is 77 CAD - 99 CAD. You will also be eligible for Intern benefits. Applications for this job will be accepted at least until September 25, 2026. This posting is for an existing vacancy. NVIDIA uses AI tools in its recruiting processes. NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing. Today, our AI infrastructure powers global intelligence, transforming every industry. Learn more about NVIDIA.4a:T17b8,Job Details: Job Description: The Role and Impact: As a Process Integration and Yield Engineering PhD Intern at Intel, you will be at the forefront of semiconductor manufacturing innovation. In this role, you will develop and optimize cutting-edge manufacturing processes while improving defect management strategies and driving process yield enhancements in high-volume production environments. Collaborating with cross-functional engineering teams, you will address complex technical challenges, troubleshoot process issues, and implement continuous improvement initiatives. This hands-on internship is an opportunity to grow your expertise, gain invaluable experience, and contribute to Intel's mission of delivering world-class semiconductor products. Business group: Intel Foundry plays a crucial role in advancing Intel's leadership in semiconductor manufacturing. As part of this team, you will contribute to Intel's efforts to deliver innovative technologies that enrich lives worldwide. The group focuses on developing and optimizing manufacturing processes that drive Intel's industry-leading products while supporting continuous improvement in high-volume production environments. Key Responsibilities: - Contribute to the development and optimization of module processes and integration flows for semiconductor manufacturing. - Analyze defect data, conduct experiments, and assist in risk assessments to support yield improvement initiatives. - Collaborate with cross-functional engineering teams to troubleshoot process flow issues and optimize metrology strategies. - Apply data analysis techniques to improve process performance and manufacturing efficiency. - Participate in continuous improvement efforts focused on enhancing production quality and output. - Engage in innovative projects to develop expertise and support Intel's business goals. Qualifications: Minimum Qualifications: - Actively pursuing a PhD in Physics, Electrical Engineering, Material Science, or Chemistry. - Proficiency in microscopy techniques. - Background in circuit design and semiconductor device physics. - Basic scripting knowledge in Python or comparable programming languages. - Understanding of scan methodologies and automatic test pattern generation. - 3.0 GPA Preferred Qualifications: - 2nd or 3rD year PhD Graduate Students with course works including computer science-basic algorithms, and solid state/semiconductor physics, electronics/circuits designs, silicon process technologies, familiar with images analysis software and leading large visual computing models. Explore this exciting opportunity to innovate, refine your technical skills, and contribute to Intel's industry leadership in semiconductor manufacturing. Apply today to join a team that is committed to advancing technology and creating a lasting impact globally. Location & Immigration Information As you consider the opportunity to join Intel, relocation assistance may be available based on eligibility, current location, and the specifics of the role. This position is not eligible for employment-based visa/immigration sponsorship. Intel sponsors individuals for employment-based visas for positions where we experience a shortage of U.S. workers. These skills shortage roles are typically STEM positions requiring a Master's or PhD degree, or a Bachelor's degree with at least three years of post-degree related job experience. This position does not qualify for Intel sponsorship because it is either a non-STEM position, or a STEM position that only requires a Bachelor's degree and less than three years' experience. For information on Intel's immigration sponsorship guidelines, please see: https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/jobs/hiring.html Additional Information This application is for internship starts in late Spring/Summer 2027, with consideration also given to candidates interested in year-long internship or co-op opportunities. You must be available to start work during this time frame. Life at Intel Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, Oregon, Hillsboro Additional Locations: Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $120,898.00-120,902.00 USD The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will require an on-site presence. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process4b:Tc5b,We are now looking for a PhD Research Interns for our Circuits team. Advanced circuit design is critically important in the post-Moore’s Law age. Without the ability to scale process to increase performance and reduce power, we must rely more and more on creative architectural and underlying circuit solutions to provide continuing advancement from generation to generation. NVIDIA Research is seeking world-class circuit researchers to contribute to the exploration of future high-performance, low-power circuit technologies and development of prototype circuits. If you have a strong circuits background, desire to collaborate with elite researchers on critical problems, and a vision about how to advance the state-of-the-art, the team will be a great fit for you. NVIDIA has an ambitious circuit research agenda that involves taking circuit technology to the next level. This position offers an opportunity to have a real impact in a fast-moving technology-focused company. What you’ll be doing: Explore circuit approaches to optimizing processor computation and interconnect performance and power. Design and implement circuit approaches in prototype systems. Collaborate with other researchers and a diverse set of internal product teams across research and product roles. Transfer technology to product groups. What we need to see: Pursuing a PhD in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science/Engineering, or related field. Excellent knowledge and broad background of theory and practice of circuit design. Depth in one or more areas of high-performance circuit design (PLLs and clocking, SerDes and high-speed signaling, photonics, SRAMs, power delivery/regulation, security circuits, and high-speed logic), advanced packaging technologies, or thermal analysis/design. Track record of research excellence or significant product development. Excellent communication and collaboration skills. NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-thinking and hardworking people in the world working for us. If you're creative, autonomous and love a challenge, we want to hear from you! Our internship hourly rates are a standard pay based on the position, your location, year in school, degree, and experience. The hourly rate for our interns is 38 USD - 94 USD. You will also be eligible for Intern benefits. Applications for this job will be accepted at least until September 21, 2026. This posting is for an existing vacancy. NVIDIA uses AI tools in its recruiting processes. NVIDIA is committed to fostering an inclusive work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing. Today, our AI infrastructure powers global intelligence, transforming every industry. Learn more about NVIDIA.4c:Tfbd,NVIDIA’s development of the GPU in 1999 revolutionized the PC gaming industry, reshaped contemporary computer graphics, and transformed parallel computing. In recent years, GPU deep learning has propelled modern AI, ushering in a new era of computing where GPU systems serve as the core intelligence for computers, robots, and autonomous vehicles, enabling them to perceive and interpret the world around them. NVIDIA Research is at the forefront of developing cutting edge hardware, software, and algorithmic technologies for next generation GPU systems. We are eager to expand our teams with the most brilliant minds globally. What you'll be doing: Conduct cutting edge research on algorithms, hardware, and system software extending the state of the art in deep learning, humanoid robotics, database analystics, general computing, and other technology areas surrounding NVIDIA's business. Invent new techniques, technologies, methodologies, processes, and devices that can enable new products or types of products. Deliverable results include prototypes, patents, leading to products and publications. Develop new methods and processes for research and scientific evaluation of research techniques and artifacts including agentic driven techniques, simulation, modeling, and benchmarking. Produce technology vision and the basis for products 5-10 years out. Focus should not be on products currently shipping or in development, except as to how they can be extended and improved. What we need to see: Pursuing PhD Degree in relevant discipline(s) (CS, CE, EE, Physics, Math) At least one year of university or industrial research experience in computer architecture or computer systems, including operating systems, distributed systems, compilers, or AI/ML systems. Strong programming ability: C, C++ and Python preferred. Eagerness to learn and use AI tools for software development and system design. Experience designing and evaluating research ideas through prototyping, simulation, modeling, or experimentation. Strong programming skills and the ability to communicate research ideas, methods, and results clearly. Ways to stand out from the crowd: Chip/system level arch: agentic techniques for computer architecture; specialized accelerators for deep-learning and humanoid robotics Systems for AI/ML: systems infrastructure for LLM training, inference, and agents/tools; state management in agentic systems; systems for humanoid robotics AI/systems co-design Experience contributing to research targeting leading architecture and systems conferences, such as ISCA, ASPLOS, MICRO, HPCA, SOSP, MLSys, NSDI, or OSDI. Publications are a plus but are not required. We welcome candidates with research in progress, including manuscripts in preparation or submissions under review. NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-looking and hardworking people in the world working for us. If you're creative and autonomous, we want to hear from you! Our internship hourly rates are a standard pay based on the position, your location, year in school, degree, and experience. The hourly rate for our interns is 38 USD - 94 USD. You will also be eligible for Intern benefits. Applications for this job will be accepted at least until September 21, 2026. This posting is for an existing vacancy. NVIDIA uses AI tools in its recruiting processes. NVIDIA is committed to fostering an inclusive work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing. Today, our AI infrastructure powers global intelligence, transforming every industry. Learn more about NVIDIA.4d:Tf82,NVIDIA is searching for an outstanding research intern to build humanoid robot foundation models and systems in the Generalist Embodied Agent Research (GEAR) group. Everything that moves will eventually be autonomous. Our mission is to build general-purpose embodied agents that learn to explore and master complex skills across the virtual and the physical world. You will work with an amazing and collaborative research team that consistently produces influential works on multimodal foundation models, large-scale robot learning, game AI, and physical simulation. Our past projects include Eureka, VIMA, Voyager, MineDojo, MimicPlay, Prismer, and more. One of our team’s most recent milestones includes Project GR00T, a foundation model for humanoid robots. Your contributions will have a significant impact on our moonshot research projects and product roadmaps. What you will be doing: Design and implement novel AI algorithms and models for general-purpose humanoid robots and embodied agents; Develop large-scale AI training and inference methods for foundation models; Optimize and deploy AI models in physical simulation and on robot hardware; Collaborate with research and engineering teams across all of NVIDIA to transfer research to products and services. What we need to see: Pursuing a PhD degree in Computer Science/Engineering, Electrical Engineering, etc. Outstanding engineering skills in rapid prototyping and model training frameworks (PyTorch, Jax, Tensorflow, etc.). Python is required; C++ and CUDA proficiencies are a plus. Excellent skills in working with large-scale machine learning/AI systems and computer infrastructure. Experience with at least one of the following areas: multimodal foundation model or robotics. Multimodal Foundation Model: Hands-on training experience and publications in at least one of the following models: LLMs, vision-language models, video generative models, diffusion models, and action-based transformers. Robotics: Hands-on training experience and publications in robot learning, such as reinforcement learning, imitation learning, classical control methods, etc. Deep understanding of robot kinematics, dynamics, and sensors; Ability to safely operate robot hardware, lab equipment, and tools; Knowledge of control methods, such as PID, MPC, whole body control, etc; Familiarity with physics simulation frameworks such as Mujoco and Isaac suite. GEAR Publication: DreamDojo: A Generalist Robot World Model from Large-Scale Human Videos EgoScale: Scaling Dexterous Manipulation with Diverse Egocentric Human Data DreamZero: World Action Models are Zero-shot Policies SONIC: Supersizing motion tracking for natural humanoid whole-body control NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world's most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-thinking and productive people in the world. Please join us and be part of the forefront of developing general-purpose robots and embodied agents! Our internship hourly rates are a standard pay based on the position, your location, year in school, degree, and experience. The hourly rate for our interns is 38 USD - 94 USD. You will also be eligible for Intern benefits. Applications for this job will be accepted at least until September 21, 2026. This posting is for an existing vacancy. NVIDIA uses AI tools in its recruiting processes. NVIDIA is committed to fostering an inclusive work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing. Today, our AI infrastructure powers global intelligence, transforming every industry. Learn more about NVIDIA.4e:T139d,The NVIDIA Architecture Research Group is seeking an intern to help define the future of GPU and data-center computing. Our research spans GPU microarchitecture, memory systems and memory models, large-scale data-center hardware, emerging accelerators, and the architecture implications of new workloads in AI, scientific computing, robotics, and other rapidly evolving domains. Are you excited about exploring foundational research questions, developing new architectural ideas, and helping translate those ideas into future NVIDIA systems? In this position, you will apply your knowledge of computer architecture, parallel computing, compilers, runtime systems, and workloads to explore new hardware and hardware–software co-design opportunities. You will work with researchers and product architects to formulate research questions, develop and evaluate architecture concepts, and build the models, simulators, prototypes, and experimental infrastructure needed to test them. Projects may range from mechanisms within a GPU to memory consistency and programmability, rack- and data-center-scale architectures, and specialized hardware for emerging applications. You should have a strong foundation in computer architecture and parallel systems, an ability to work across hardware and software boundaries, and experience with some combination of architecture modeling, simulation, workload analysis, compilers, runtime systems, or CPU/GPU programming. You should also be comfortable building robust research prototypes and communicating the insights produced by your work. NVIDIA pioneered programmable GPUs and CUDA and continues to shape the future of accelerated computing. This position offers an opportunity to conduct ambitious research and have a direct impact on future products. What you’ll be doing: Investigate new architecture concepts for future GPUs, memory systems, accelerators, and data-center-scale computing platforms. Study emerging workloads and identify the architectural bottlenecks and opportunities they create. Explore hardware–software co-design across architecture, compilers, runtime systems, programming models, and applications. Develop models, simulators, prototypes, and experimental tools to evaluate new architecture ideas. Research new approaches to memory hierarchy, coherence, consistency, data movement, and system-level programmability. Collaborate with NVIDIA researchers, GPU architects, software teams, and product groups to develop and evaluate promising concepts. Clearly communicate research findings through presentations, technical reports, and potentially research publications. Help transfer successful research ideas, methodologies, and tools into NVIDIA product teams. What we need to see: Pursuing PhD Degree in relevant discipline(s) (CS, CE, EE, Physics, Math). Relevant industrial and University experience. Relevant industries include hardware, software, and algorithm development in PC or workstation graphics, digital video or image processing, video game or console, cell phones or consumer electronics, rendering software, and computing. Strong programming ability in C/C++, and scripting languages. Experience as a CUDA programmer. Background with building computer system simulators. Experience building efficient low-level software tools such as runtime systems, binary translators, or compilers. Strong background in computer architecture and parallel computer architectures. Ways to stand out from the crowd: Prior research experience and/or research publications at ISCA/MICRO/ASPLOS/HPCA/MLSYS Versatile in using generative AI coding tools Versatile in using GPU profiling tools and running DL models on GPUs NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-thinking and hardworking people in the world working for us. Are you creative and independently driven? Do you love a challenge? Come join our Architecture Research Group and help us invent the future of Computing. Our internship hourly rates are a standard pay based on the position, your location, year in school, degree, and experience. The hourly rate for our interns is 38 USD - 94 USD. You will also be eligible for Intern benefits. Applications for this job will be accepted at least until September 21, 2026. This posting is for an existing vacancy. NVIDIA uses AI tools in its recruiting processes. NVIDIA is committed to fostering an inclusive work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing. Today, our AI infrastructure powers global intelligence, transforming every industry. Learn more about NVIDIA.4f:T15ed,Overview Come build community, explore your passions and do your best work at Microsoft with thousands of university interns from every corner of the world. This opportunity will allow you to bring your aspirations, talent, potential – and excitement for the journey ahead. Data Scientist PhD Interns at Microsoft, you will use machine learning, statistics, experiments, and/or AI, LLM, SLM and agents and more to build and improve great products while making business impact. As a Data Scientist intern you will collaborate with stakeholders, formulate approaches to solve problems and use algorithms and data sources in the context of business and engineering needs. You will also be able to combine your engineering abilities with analytical skills to make customer experiences better. Our Data Scientists use innovative methods, algorithms, and tools daily to drive results throughout Microsoft devices, operating systems, products, and services and provide novel insights into business and customer scenarios. As an intern at Microsoft, you’re stepping into a world of real impact from day one. You’ll collaborate with global teams on meaningful projects, explore cutting-edge technologies like AI, and kick start your career while doing it. With a strong focus on learning and development, this is your opportunity to grow your skills, build community, and shape your future—all while being supported every step of the way. Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate and empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond. Please note this application is only for internships based in our Redmond, Washington office. For internships in other offices in the United States, please see our Careers site . Responsibilities Formulate approaches to solve problems using well defined algorithms and data sources. Incorporate an understanding of product functionality and customer perspective to provide context for those problems. Use data exploration techniques to discover new questions or opportunities within your problem area and propose applicability and limitations of the data. Interpret the results of their analysis, validate their approach, and learn to monitor, analyze, and iterate to continuously improve. Engage with peer stakeholders to produce clear, compelling, actionable insights that influence product and service improvements that will impact millions of customers. Participate in the peer review process and act on feedback while learning innovative methods, algorithms, and tools to increase the impact and applicability of your results. Qualifications Required Qualifications: Currently pursuing a Doctorate Degree in Data Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Econometrics, Economics, Operations Research, Computer Science, or related field. Must have at least one additional quarter/semester of school remaining following the completion of the internship. Candidate must be enrolled in a full time bachelor's, masters, MBA, or PhD program in area relevant for the role during the academic term immediately before their internship. Preferred Qualifications: Some Engineering experience and or project course work using large data systems on SQL, Hadoop, etc. Proficiency using one or more programming or scripting language to work with data such as: Python, Perl, or C#. Some experience and or project course work performing data analysis and applying statistics working with tools such as: Excel, R, MATLAB, AMPL, or SAS. Some experience and or project course work with product and service telemetry systems. Some A/B Testing or experimentation (this can be from conducting real life science experiments, hypothesis testing in stats etc.) Not required but ideal. Some experience or course work applying basic ML to a type of data and or used algorithms to conduct experiments on data. #EiP The base pay range for this internship is USD $6,810.00 - $13,480.00 per month. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $8,920.00 - $14,610.00 per month. Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other compensation. Find additional benefits and pay information here: https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-intern-pay Microsoft accepts applications and processes offers for these roles on an ongoing basis throughout the academic calendar (September - April) This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.50:Tec6,NVIDIA has been transforming computer graphics, PC gaming, and accelerated computing for more than 25 years. It’s a unique legacy of innovation that’s fueled by great technology—and amazing people. Today, we’re tapping into the unlimited potential of AI to define the next era of computing. An era in which our GPU acts as the brains of computers, robots, and self-driving cars that can understand the world. Doing what’s never been done before takes vision, innovation, and the world’s best talent. As an NVIDIAN, you’ll be immersed in a diverse, supportive environment where everyone is inspired to do their best work. Come join the team and see how you can make a lasting impact on the world. NVIDIA is searching for a world-class generative AI intern to join the Fundamental Generative AI research team at NVIDIA Research. We are passionate about research that pushes boundaries and builds the next generation of generative models but also has an impact in the real world. We are particularly interested in advancing fundamental generative AI methods for image, video, 3D, graph, and multimodal data. We are also actively pushing toward emerging gen AI for science applications such as structural biology, chemistry, drug discovery, climate modeling, and weather forecasting. You will work within an amazing and collaborative research team that consistently publishes at the top venues in machine learning. You will be empowered to make contributions that create real-world impact. What you'll be doing: Research, design, and implement novel, large-scale generative AI methods. Publish original research. Collaborate with other team members, research teams, as well as product teams. Transfer technology to product groups. What we need to see: Pursuing a Ph.D. program in Computer Science/Engineering, Statistics, Electrical Engineering, etc. Strong publication record at top ML venues such as NeurIPS, CVPR, ICLR, ICML, ICCV, ECCV, etc. Excellent knowledge of the theory and practice of generative AI. Strong knowledge of computer vision, 3D, NLP, or AI for science. Excellent programming skills in some rapid prototyping environments such as Python; C++ and parallel programming (e.g., CUDA) is a plus. Knowledge of common deep learning frameworks, such as PyTorch. Excellent communication skills. With competitive salaries and a generous benefits package, NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-thinking and hardworking people in the world working for us and, due to unprecedented growth, our best-in-class engineering teams are rapidly growing. If you're a creative and autonomous engineer with a real passion for computer architecture and technology, we want to hear from you! Our internship hourly rates are a standard pay based on the position, your location, year in school, degree, and experience. The hourly rate for our interns is 38 USD - 94 USD. You will also be eligible for Intern benefits. Applications for this job will be accepted at least until September 20, 2026. This posting is for an existing vacancy. NVIDIA uses AI tools in its recruiting processes. NVIDIA is committed to fostering an inclusive work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing. Today, our AI infrastructure powers global intelligence, transforming every industry. Learn more about NVIDIA.51:Tfe4,Job Details: Job Description: This internship is intended for Industrial Engineering graduate students with a focus on Operations Research, simulation, analytics, and optimization. Interns will apply mathematical modeling, discrete event simulation, statistics, and software development skills to analyze and improve semiconductor manufacturing operations. Projects may include developing and enhancing factory simulation models, building data pipelines and analytics solutions, conducting experiments, and supporting capacity, production, and operational decision making. Successful candidates will demonstrate strong quantitative problem-solving skills, programming experience in Python and SQL, and an interest in modeling complex manufacturing systems. Qualifications: Minimum Qualifications: Candidate should be in pursuit of a Master's degree in Industrial engineering or Operations Research Strong background in software development. Expected graduation date of Dec '27 or Summer '28 preferred. Preferred Qualifications: Skilled in Discrete-Event Predictive Modeling and Digital Twin Manufacturing Simulations Experienced in Oracle PL/SQL, Python, R, and Applied Statistics Strong Analytics and ML experience - Regression, Clustering, Neural networks (feedforward, CNN, RNN, LSTM), Classification, Transformer models and attention mechanisms LangChain framework for building LLM applications and agent workflows Model fine-tuning techniques (LoRA, QLoRA, full fine-tuning, PEFT) Experienced in Data analysis, data visualization, Statistical analysis, Time Series analysis Production Planning and Manufacturing Automation experience is a plus Optimization CPLEX, Linear and Mixed integer programming is a plus 3.0 GPA Requirements listed would be obtained through a combination of industry relevant job experience, internship experiences and or schoolwork/classes/research. Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, Arizona, Phoenix Additional Locations: Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $133,498.00-133,502.00 USD The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will be eligible for our hybrid work model which allows employees to split their time between working on-site at their assigned Intel site and off-site. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process52:T869,At Apple, we work every single day to craft products that enrich people's lives. The people here at Apple don't just build products - they create the kind of wonder that revolutionizes entire industries. We invite you to join our dynamic group, for the unique and rewarding opportunity to contribute to upcoming products that will delight and inspire millions of Apple's customers every day! Apple’s PMU Hardware Tech team are responsible for delivering the power in a highly configurable and controlled way to the high end Apple SoCs, which power everything from Apple Watch and Apple TV to iPhone, iPad and Mac. We’re looking for dedicated students to help innovate the way we verify power management devices, to provide industry leading power and battery efficiency and achieve customer expectations of device performance. Do you love working on challenges that no one has solved yet? Then we welcome you to work among the industry’s best! As part of the Design Verification Team, you will assist with delivering high quality chips in order to meet performance, feature, timing, area, power and efficiency goals. We will provide you with the mentorship and the opportunity to collaborate with experienced Design Verification Engineers, as well as work alongside our Design, SoC Platform Architecture, and Physical Design teams. You will get the opportunity to be part of a team delivering PMU silicon directly into next generation Apple products and work with the state of the art verification techniques. Your tasks will include: - Develop your expertise in ASIC verification by working with a best-in-class Design Verification team to create verification plans, develop stimulus, define verification strategy and completeness metrics - Implement various components of the verification environment and participate in debugging test-bench code as well as deep design debug - Where applicable, run simulations with synthesized netlist and analyse/debug any issues encountered - Collaborate with the architecture and design teams to ensure any potential issues/critical cases are considered and dealt with as early as possible in the design cycle53:T152f,Job Details: Job Description: The Role and Impact In this role, you will contribute to the development and optimization of manufacturing processes for a specific module within semiconductor production. You will work hands-on to sustain and improve manufacturing equipment, troubleshoot issues, and support qualification activities, all while collaborating with engineering teams to achieve production goals. This internship offers a unique opportunity to apply your academic knowledge, gain practical skills, and explore potential career paths in a dynamic and innovative environment. Business group As part of Intel Foundry Services, you will join a team that focuses on diffusion and implantation processes within semiconductor manufacturing. This group is dedicated to advancing technology and achieving excellence in production methodologies. By working collaboratively, the team supports Intel's broader mission of driving innovation and delivering high-quality solutions to meet global technological demands. Key Responsibilities Support the development and implementation of semiconductor manufacturing processes for a specific module. Sustain and improve manufacturing equipment performance, ensuring operational efficiency and reliability. Assist in equipment troubleshooting and qualification activities to meet production standards. Collaborate with engineering teams to optimize process control methodologies and ensure production targets are achieved. Apply statistical analysis and design experiments to enhance process reliability and throughput. Gain hands-on experience in materials and device characterization techniques, such as SEM and TEM. Contribute to the continuous improvement of process control systems and methodologies. Qualifications: Minimum Qualifications Ph.D. degree in progress in Materials Science, Chemical Engineering, Chemistry, Physics, Electrical Engineering, or a related STEM field of study. Hands-on experience and or knowledge of semiconductor processing fundamentals, including lithography, etching, polishing, and deposition techniques. Familiarity with statistical data analysis and design of experiments methodologies. Experience in materials and physical device characterization, such as SEM or TEM. Preferred Qualifications Advanced transistor device structures and architectures including fabrication (Atomic Layer Deposition, Chemical Vapor Deposition, Rapid Thermal Annealing, Ion Implantation, Surface treatments and modification) with in-depth knowledge of semiconductor device physics and process integration. Technical skills such as scripting languages (i.e., Python, JSL, Perl, TCL), or programming languages (i.e., SQL, C/C++, etc.) and statistical data analysis is a plus. Semiconductor processing fundamentals (lithography, wet etch, dry etch, chemical and or mechanical polishing, etc.). Design of experiments and data analysis expertise. Expertise in Materials and physical device characterization (SEM, TEM, etc.) and fundamentals of semiconductor device testing. Process control systems, methodologies, sources of variability, and statistics. This internship provides a unique platform for growth, innovation, and collaboration. If you're passionate about advancing semiconductor technology while building hands-on expertise in a supportive environment, we encourage you to apply today. Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, Oregon, Hillsboro Additional Locations: Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $120,898.00-120,902.00 USD The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will require an on-site presence. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process54:T1717,Job Details: Job Description: Are you a top-tier university student eager to dive into the world of semiconductor innovation? Intel's Foundry System Technology team is seeking a talented intern to help us push the boundaries of semiconductor and packaging manufacturing technologies. Our team is dedicated to advancing Moore's Law, exploring new product opportunities, and leading industry-defining packaging development through System Technology Co-optimisation (STCO). Position Overview: As a Research Engineer Intern, you will play a crucial role in developing STCO methodology and evaluating 3D/2.5D dis-aggregation schemes using solder microbumps or hybrid bonding for memory and logic stacking across different product architectures. This internship offers a unique opportunity to work on pioneering technologies and contribute to Intel's semiconductor processing and packaging roadmap. What You'll Do: Develop and enhance STCO methodologies. Perform system-level evaluations of novel devices, interconnects, patterning, materials, systems, and integration schemes. Collaborate with diverse teams to drive innovation across various applications. Who We're Looking For: Driven and Motivated; a self-starter who thrives in a dynamic environment and is committed to delivering high-quality results. Analytical and Problem-Solving Skills: Ability to tackle complex challenges with a strategic approach. Organized and Efficient: Strong prioritization and time management skills to handle a fast-paced workflow. Collaborative and Team-Oriented: Excellent stakeholder management and teamwork ethics. Flexible and Adaptable: Comfortable working in an agile environment with a tolerance for ambiguity. Strong Communicator: Good interpersonal skills to facilitate effective collaboration and communication Internship Details: Minimum of 3 months during summer 2026, with potential for extension based on business needs. Why Choose Intel? Collaborate with industry leaders and innovators. Gain hands-on experience with cutting-edge technologies. Contribute to projects that shape the future of semiconductor processing. If you're ready to embark on a journey of innovation and discovery, apply now to join Intel's Foundry System Technology team. We look forward to welcoming you to a transformative internship experience Qualifications: You must possess the below requirements to be initially considered for this position. Preferred qualifications are in addition to the requirements and are considered a plus factor in identifying top candidates. Knowledge and/or experience listed below would be obtained through a combination of your schoolwork and/or classes and/or research and/or relevant previous job and/or internship experiences. Minimum Qualifications: Active Ph.D. candidacy in one of the following areas of study: Electrical Engineering, Electronics Engineering, Computer Architecture and Design or similar. 1-2+ years research experience relevant to one or more of the following areas: System architecture modelling, digital circuit analysis and design, VLSI physical layout, electronic design automation, multi-physics modeling of electronic materials or systems. Familiarity with IC design and physical layout tools such Cadence Virtuoso or Synopsis Fusion Compiler. Preferred Qualifications: System architecture design and modelling IC design, simulation, physical layout and tapeout experience. Familiar with DRAM and SRAM circuit design and layout Familiar with integrated circuits manufacturing flow and requirements Familiar with different 2.5D and 3D packaging technologies 3DIC design and simulation experience Good programming skills, preferably in Python. Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, Oregon, Hillsboro Additional Locations: US, California, Santa Clara, US, Texas, Austin Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $141,998.00-142,002.00 USD The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will be eligible for our hybrid work model which allows employees to split their time between working on-site at their assigned Intel site and off-site. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process55:T1185,We are recruiting outstanding Research Interns to work on autonomous vehicles, robotics, and physical AI! Intelligent machines that can perceive, reason, and safely interact with people and the physical world are rapidly becoming a reality. Self-driving cars, autonomous delivery and construction vehicles, mobile manipulators, and other robotic systems are moving closer to widespread deployment. However, fundamental research challenges remain before these systems can operate safely, reliably, and autonomously in complex, unfamiliar environments. For example, how can we: Develop new training paradigms that use perception and interaction to train autonomous vehicle and robot policies in closed loop? Equip autonomous systems with online and offline assurances that meet the requirements of safety-critical applications? Enable vehicles and robots to navigate across new environments, tasks, and embodiments? Build systems that reason under uncertainty and interact safely and naturally with people and other agents? These are some of the exciting questions being explored by NVIDIA’s Autonomous Systems and Physical AI Research (ASPIRE) group. Our diverse, interdisciplinary team conducts foundational research spanning foundation model design, embodied reasoning, safety, closed-loop training and evaluation, and agentic workflows for Physical AI development. We also investigate related areas including decision-making under uncertainty, deep learning, reinforcement learning, simulation, and the verification and validation of safety-critical AI systems. Our focus is on fundamental research, and lab members are encouraged to publish their work and open-source their code. NVIDIA is known for its collaborative culture, and our researchers work closely with experts across the company in autonomous vehicles, robotics, perception, simulation, and machine learning. This creates opportunities to influence real-world products while retaining the freedom and bandwidth to conduct groundbreaking, publishable research. What you’ll be doing: Designing and implementing cutting-edge techniques for autonomous vehicles, robotics, and physical AI. Conducting original research and publishing your results. Collaborating with research colleagues, internal product teams, and external researchers. Transferring technology you’ve developed to relevant product groups. What we need to see: Currently pursuing a PhD in Robotics, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or a related field. Relevant research experience in autonomous vehicles, robotics, embodied AI, or autonomous systems. Strong knowledge of the theory and practice of vehicle or robot autonomy—or expertise in a related area, with a strong interest in applying your work to autonomous systems. A track record of research excellence, demonstrated through publications at leading conferences and journals—such as RSS, ICRA, CoRL, IJRR, NeurIPS, ICML, CVPR, TAC, etc.—and through other research artifacts such as open-source software. Exceptional Python programming skills; experience with C++ and parallel programming, such as CUDA, is a plus. Experience with machine learning frameworks such as PyTorch. Strong communication and interpersonal skills are required, along with the ability to thrive in a dynamic, research-focused team. Are you intellectually curious, collaborative, and motivated to solve complex problems at the intersection of AI and the physical world? If so, you may be a great fit for NVIDIA. Our internship hourly rates are a standard pay based on the position, your location, year in school, degree, and experience. The hourly rate for our interns is 38 USD - 94 USD. You will also be eligible for Intern benefits. Applications for this job will be accepted at least until September 17, 2026. This posting is for an existing vacancy. NVIDIA uses AI tools in its recruiting processes. NVIDIA is committed to fostering an inclusive work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing. Today, our AI infrastructure powers global intelligence, transforming every industry. Learn more about NVIDIA.56:T1655,Overview Join the Microsoft Specialized Cloud (MSC) team - the next generation of platform and experiences enabling Microsoft and Azure, the fastest-growing cloud platform in the world which makes billions of dollars in revenue. MSC’s teams build and operate products and cloud services used by U.S. government customers at significant scale, solve challenging problems across distributed systems, developer platforms, data, reliability, and product experiences while collaborating with teams across Microsoft to deliver secure, dependable, and innovative technology for our U.S. Government customers and their missions. As a Security Assurance Intern, under supervision, you will analyze, engineer solutions and mitigate security issues through the design, policy, threat modeling, assurance program design, education, thought leadership and facilitation roles around secure software development and operational security assurance. You will support operational security and security incidents as well as security reviews and reporting. You will help plan and support research into security issues and partners across security disciplines to address issues. At Microsoft, Interns work on real-world projects in collaboration with teams across the world, while having fun along the way. You’ll be empowered to build community, explore your passions and achieve your goals. This is your chance to bring your solutions and ideas to life while working on cutting-edge technology. At Microsoft, our mission—to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more—guides how we partner with customers to deliver trusted, impactful solutions. With a growth mindset culture, we innovate responsibly and measure success by shared progress—people, teams, and customers. Join us to do meaningful work that changes the world and helps shape what’s next for everyone. Responsibilities Analyze threat trends and anomalies to determine operational impact. Determines vectors that introduce threat and potential mitigation strategies. Learns about systemic security issues and how to address them. Understands common deployment scenarios, dependencies, and data flow in overall analysis. Identify security defects or vulnerabilities and escalates as neededand identify deficiencies in security guidance to determine scope of potential impact and identifies relevant parties to involve. Begin to address security issues with customers and/or partners in a timely manner and use appropriate tools to isolate and solve identified issues and respond to customer and partner security issues, investigates solutions, coordinates response from appropriate parties and follows up with customers to ensure that issues are resolved and escalate issues as needed. Contribute to analysis report and communicate finding and recommendation to decision makers. Schedule security analysis including scope, priorities and overall security guarantees of a solution or application and adjust plan to respond to findings, schedule and priority changes. Embody our culture and values . Qualifications Required Qualifications: Currently pursuing a Bachelor's Degree with at least one semester/term of school remaining following the completion of the internship. Other Requirements: Security Clearance Requirements: Candidates must be able to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: The successful candidate must have an active U.S. Government Top Secret Security Clearance. Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. Failure to maintain or obtain the appropriate clearance and/or customer screening requirements may result in employment action up to and including termination. Clearance Verification: This position requires successful verification of the stated security clearance to meet federal government customer requirements. You will be asked to provide clearance verification information prior to an offer of employment. Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Citizenship & Citizenship Verification: This position requires verification of U.S. citizenship due to citizenship-based legal restrictions. Specifically, this position supports United States federal, state, and/or local United States government agency customer and is subject to certain citizenship-based restrictions where required or permitted by applicable law. To meet this legal requirement, citizenship will be verified via a valid passport, or other approved documents, or verified US government Clearance. This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.57:T16df,Overview Join the Microsoft Specialized Cloud (MSC) team - the next generation of platform and experiences enabling Microsoft and Azure, the fastest-growing cloud platform in the world which makes billions of dollars in revenue. MSC’s teams build and operate products and cloud services used by U.S. government customers at significant scale, solve challenging problems across distributed systems, developer platforms, data, reliability, and product experiences while collaborating with teams across Microsoft to deliver secure, dependable, and innovative technology for our U.S. Government customers and their missions. As a Technical Program Manager Intern, you will design product architecture and develop solutions to complex technical needs, while identifying trends in product quality and performance, to deliver on the roadmap. You will drive continuous improvement in quality, profitability, supportability and delivery, and act as in-house advocate for millions of people worldwide who use Microsoft products. This opportunity will allow you to lead the development and implementation process for products and services that exceed customer expectations, work cross functionally with internal and external partners, and define or change existing features. At Microsoft, Interns work on real-world projects in collaboration with teams across the world, while having fun along the way. You’ll be empowered to build community, explore your passions and achieve your goals. This is your chance to bring your solutions and ideas to life while working on cutting-edge technology. At Microsoft, our mission—to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more—guides how we partner with customers to deliver trusted, impactful solutions. With a growth mindset culture, we innovate responsibly and measure success by shared progress—people, teams, and customers. Join us to do meaningful work that changes the world and helps shape what’s next for everyone. Responsibilities Demonstrates ability to understand the problem and then learn and adopt relevant new technologies, tools, methods and processes to leverage in solutions. Responsible for aspects of the full product lifecycle, working on feature planning and design, managing the development specifications, monitoring ongoing operations to better understand customer experiences, and determining if the team needs to take action. Communicates throughout the full product lifecycle to create clarity on progress towards delivery, technical challenges, and customer needs using a data driven approach. Leads the development and implementation and generates energy for our products and services. Works collaboratively with teammates to ensure our products exceed customer and market expectations, while delivering on the roadmap. Represents project with compelling documentation and presentations to internal and/or external stakeholders. Embody our culture and values . Qualifications Required Qualifications: Currently pursuing a Bachelor's Degree with at least one semester/term of school remaining following the completion of the internship. Other Requirements: Security Clearance Requirements: Candidates must be able to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: The successful candidate must have an active U.S. Government Top Secret Security Clearance. Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. Failure to maintain or obtain the appropriate clearance and/or customer screening requirements may result in employment action up to and including termination. Clearance Verification: This position requires successful verification of the stated security clearance to meet federal government customer requirements. You will be asked to provide clearance verification information prior to an offer of employment. Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Citizenship & Citizenship Verification: This position requires verification of U.S. citizenship due to citizenship-based legal restrictions. Specifically, this position supports United States federal, state, and/or local United States government agency customer and is subject to certain citizenship-based restrictions where required or permitted by applicable law. To meet this legal requirement, citizenship will be verified via a valid passport, or other approved documents, or verified US government Clearance. Preferred Qualifications: Bachelor's Degree AND 1+ year(s) experience in engineering, product/technical program management, data analysis, or product development. 1+ year(s) experience reading and/or writing code (e.g., sample documentation, product demos). This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.58:T1a15,Overview Join the Microsoft Specialized Cloud (MSC) team - the next generation of platform and experiences enabling Microsoft and Azure, the fastest-growing cloud platform in the world which makes billions of dollars in revenue. MSC’s teams build and operate products and cloud services used by U.S. government customers at significant scale, solve challenging problems across distributed systems, developer platforms, data, reliability, and product experiences while collaborating with teams across Microsoft to deliver secure, dependable, and innovative technology for our U.S. Government customers and their missions. As a Product Manager Intern, you will define product vision and strategy by leveraging a deep understanding of the customer experience and competitive market, while identifying short-and long-term investment opportunities, evaluating tradeoffs, and driving the product roadmap. You will build consensus on product strategy, define features, vision and goals for a specific product(s) or set of features. This opportunity will allow you to develop and execute strategies to enable in-product organic growth and focus on central, cross-functional leadership of a product. At Microsoft, Interns work on real-world projects in collaboration with teams across the world, while having fun along the way. You’ll be empowered to build community, explore your passions and achieve your goals. This is your chance to bring your solutions and ideas to life while working on cutting-edge technology. Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate to empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond. Responsibilities Defines, drives, and tracks Key Results (OKRs), success criteria, and key performance metrics. Identifies, gains approval for, and adds directly or works with Software Engineering to add telemetry and experimentation into our system. Identifies customers’ unmet or unknown needs and market opportunities for enhancements or development of a feature (e.g., product, service) via quantitative and qualitative analyses and scope the impact of a problem. Prioritizes list of features or product experiences that will map to a set of business outcomes. Uses AI as to accelerate and expand learning, data mining, prototyping, synthesizing analysis, and decision-making. Leverages AI to safely collapse the distance from idea to impact. Collaborates with Product Marketing, Business Planning, and Engineering to identify product release criteria, customer acquisition, usage, retention, and monetization strategies. Leverages a line of communication with customers to capture feedback and insights through the product development lifecycle. Gathers input on priorities and resources needed to deliver desired outcomes for feature(s) (e.g., product, service). Iterates multiple designs with Design, Software Engineering, and Hardware Engineering. Updates, modifies OKRs, and reprioritizes work as needed to fit schedule based on this input. Assists in facilitating reviews (e.g., UX, system designs, data designs) with customers (e.g., regulators, engineers, policy makers, business-decision makers) to determine usability and ensure accessibility criteria and updated designs meet customer goals. Monitors and reports on progress and derive insights that lead to productive courses of action to improve product/feature development, iteration, and implementation. Leverages AI to query, analyze, and iterate on the product using telemetry. Embody our culture and values . Qualifications Required Qualifications: Currently pursuing a Bachelor's Degree with at least one semester/term of school remaining following the completion of the internship OR Currently pursuing a Master's Degree with at least one semester/term of school remaining following the completion of the internship OR Currently pursuing a Doctorate with at least one semester/term of school remaining following the completion of the internship. Other Requirements: Security Clearance Requirements: Candidates must be able to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: The successful candidate must have an active U.S. Government Top Secret Security Clearance. Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. Failure to maintain or obtain the appropriate clearance and/or customer screening requirements may result in employment action up to and including termination. Clearance Verification: This position requires successful verification of the stated security clearance to meet federal government customer requirements. You will be asked to provide clearance verification information prior to an offer of employment. Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Citizenship & Citizenship Verification: This position requires verification of U.S. citizenship due to citizenship-based legal restrictions. Specifically, this position supports United States federal, state, and/or local United States government agency customer and is subject to certain citizenship-based restrictions where required or permitted by applicable law. To meet this legal requirement, citizenship will be verified via a valid passport, or other approved documents, or verified US government Clearance. This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.59:T16f9,Overview Join the Microsoft Specialized Cloud (MSC) team - the next generation of platform and experiences enabling Microsoft and Azure, the fastest-growing cloud platform in the world which makes billions of dollars in revenue. MSC’s software engineering teams build and operate products and cloud services used by U.S. government customers at significant scale. Engineers solve challenging problems across distributed systems, developer platforms, data, reliability, and product experiences while collaborating with teams across Microsoft to deliver secure, dependable, and innovative technology for our U.S. Government customers and their missions . As a Software Engineering Intern, you will work with teammates to solve problems and build innovative software solutions. You will apply your passion for customers and product quality as you provide technical guidance to Technical Program Managers and Product Managers. You will learn and adopt relevant new technologies, tools, methods, and processes to leverage in your solutions. This opportunity will enable you to advance your career by designing, developing, and testing next-generation software that will empower every person and organization on the planet to achieve more. At Microsoft, Interns work on real-world projects in collaboration with teams across the world, while having fun along the way. You’ll be empowered to build community, explore your passions and achieve your goals. This is your chance to bring your solutions and ideas to life while working on cutting-edge technology. At Microsoft, our mission—to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more—guides how we partner with customers to deliver trusted, impactful solutions. With a growth mindset culture, we innovate responsibly and measure success by shared progress—people, teams, and customers. Join us to do meaningful work that changes the world and helps shape what’s next for everyone. Responsibilities Applies principles to diagnose and fix problems in code through sound and creative engineering. With guidance, creates and implements code at shipping quality for a product, service, or feature, reusing code as applicable. Completes software projects in a cooperative team environment. Documents and explains projects to team members to ensure long-term continuity. Improves technical solutions by seeking out and incorporating feedback, and learning and following established quality and security practices. Learns team specific technologies and related industry developments and continuously builds skills relevant to assigned work and proactively seeks new knowledge that will improve the ability to deliver software at quality that team requires. Learns new engineering methods, tools, and best practices, and incorporates them into work processes. Partners with appropriate stakeholders (e.g., mentor, manager) to understand user requirements for a feature and develops engineering plans to fulfill those requirements. Embody our culture and values . Qualifications Required Qualifications: Currently pursuing Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related technical field with at least one semester/term remaining following the completion of the internship OR Currently pursuing Master’s Degree in Computer Science or related technical field with at least one semester/term remaining following the completion of the internship. Other Requirements: Security Clearance Requirements: Candidates must be able to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: The successful candidate must have an active U.S. Government Top Secret Security Clearance. Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. Failure to maintain or obtain the appropriate clearance and/or customer screening requirements may result in employment action up to and including termination. Clearance Verification: This position requires successful verification of the stated security clearance to meet federal government customer requirements. You will be asked to provide clearance verification information prior to an offer of employment. Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Citizenship & Citizenship Verification: This position requires verification of U.S. citizenship due to citizenship-based legal restrictions. Specifically, this position supports United States federal, state, and/or local United States government agency customer and is subject to certain citizenship-based restrictions where required or permitted by applicable law. To meet this legal requirement, citizenship will be verified via a valid passport, or other approved documents, or verified US government Clearance. This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.5a:T16f9,Overview Join the Microsoft Specialized Cloud (MSC) team - the next generation of platform and experiences enabling Microsoft and Azure, the fastest-growing cloud platform in the world which makes billions of dollars in revenue. MSC’s software engineering teams build and operate products and cloud services used by U.S. government customers at significant scale. Engineers solve challenging problems across distributed systems, developer platforms, data, reliability, and product experiences while collaborating with teams across Microsoft to deliver secure, dependable, and innovative technology for our U.S. Government customers and their missions . As a Software Engineering Intern, you will work with teammates to solve problems and build innovative software solutions. You will apply your passion for customers and product quality as you provide technical guidance to Technical Program Managers and Product Managers. You will learn and adopt relevant new technologies, tools, methods, and processes to leverage in your solutions. This opportunity will enable you to advance your career by designing, developing, and testing next-generation software that will empower every person and organization on the planet to achieve more. At Microsoft, Interns work on real-world projects in collaboration with teams across the world, while having fun along the way. You’ll be empowered to build community, explore your passions and achieve your goals. This is your chance to bring your solutions and ideas to life while working on cutting-edge technology. At Microsoft, our mission—to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more—guides how we partner with customers to deliver trusted, impactful solutions. With a growth mindset culture, we innovate responsibly and measure success by shared progress—people, teams, and customers. Join us to do meaningful work that changes the world and helps shape what’s next for everyone. Responsibilities Applies principles to diagnose and fix problems in code through sound and creative engineering. With guidance, creates and implements code at shipping quality for a product, service, or feature, reusing code as applicable. Completes software projects in a cooperative team environment. Documents and explains projects to team members to ensure long-term continuity. Improves technical solutions by seeking out and incorporating feedback, and learning and following established quality and security practices. Learns team specific technologies and related industry developments and continuously builds skills relevant to assigned work and proactively seeks new knowledge that will improve the ability to deliver software at quality that team requires. Learns new engineering methods, tools, and best practices, and incorporates them into work processes. Partners with appropriate stakeholders (e.g., mentor, manager) to understand user requirements for a feature and develops engineering plans to fulfill those requirements. Embody our culture and values . Qualifications Required Qualifications: Currently pursuing Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related technical field with at least one semester/term remaining following the completion of the internship OR Currently pursuing Master’s Degree in Computer Science or related technical field with at least one semester/term remaining following the completion of the internship. Other Requirements: Security Clearance Requirements: Candidates must be able to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: The successful candidate must have an active U.S. Government Top Secret Security Clearance. Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. Failure to maintain or obtain the appropriate clearance and/or customer screening requirements may result in employment action up to and including termination. Clearance Verification: This position requires successful verification of the stated security clearance to meet federal government customer requirements. You will be asked to provide clearance verification information prior to an offer of employment. Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Citizenship & Citizenship Verification: This position requires verification of U.S. citizenship due to citizenship-based legal restrictions. Specifically, this position supports United States federal, state, and/or local United States government agency customer and is subject to certain citizenship-based restrictions where required or permitted by applicable law. To meet this legal requirement, citizenship will be verified via a valid passport, or other approved documents, or verified US government Clearance. This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.5b:T1321,Job Details: Job Description: Materials Technology Development (MTD) is looking for a Summer Intern 2027 in Assembly Technology Development (ATD). As a Module Engineering – Graduate Intern, you will: Conduct fundamental research and experimentation to characterize materials, identify potential failure modes, understand structure-property-performance relationships, assess material feasibility for product applications, and provide strategic material technology recommendations. Collaborate closely with materials suppliers to develop and source material formulations that meet stringent technology, quality, availability, and cost requirements. Develop comprehensive understanding of Intel's assembly processes, material interactions, and their impact on overall product performance. Partners with Equipment and Process Engineering teams implement material technologies on test vehicles and products while evaluating their performance metrics. Design and develop assembly processes and equipment by applying innovative concepts and novel solutions to enable Intel's roadmap for next-generation assembly packaging platform technologies. Qualifications: You must possess the below minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position. Experience would be obtained through a combination of prior education level classes, and current level school classes, projects, research, and relevant previous job and/or internship experience. Minimum Qualifications: Education: The candidate must be a full-time student pursuing a Ph.D. degree in the following disciplines: Materials Science and Engineering Chemical Engineering Chemistry Polymer Science or Polymer Chemistry Metallurgy or related technical fields 6+ months / 1+ years of relevant experience in: Fundamental research and experimentation Preferred Qualifications: Candidates should also demonstrate the following behavioral traits and skills: Technical problem-solving abilities. Strong presentation and communication skills. Fast-learning capabilities and deep technical expertise in their field. Ability to collaborate effectively across multiple teams. This position is not eligible for employment-based visa/immigration sponsorship. Intel sponsors individuals for employment-based visas for positions where we experience a shortage of U.S. workers. These skills shortage roles are typically STEM positions requiring a Master's or PhD degree, or a Bachelor's degree with at least three years of post-degree related job experience. This position does not qualify for Intel sponsorship because it is either a non-STEM position, or a STEM position that only requires a Bachelor's degree and less than three years' experience. For information on Intel's immigration sponsorship guidelines, please see: https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/jobs/hiring.html Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, Arizona, Phoenix Additional Locations: Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $120,898.00-120,902.00 USD The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will require an on-site presence. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process5c:T17b3,Job Details: Job Description: As one of the world's largest chip manufacturers, and a global leader in innovative technology, Intel strives to make every facet of semiconductor manufacturing state-of-the-art from semiconductor process development and manufacturing, through yield improvement to packaging, final test and optimization, and world-class Supply Chain and facilities support. Join us at Intel Foundry Logic Technology Development (LTD) for a Graduate internship and participate in creating the next generation of technologies that will shape the future for decades to come. LTD intern would conduct scientific research to enable manufacturing of innovative device architectures. They would engage in designing, executing and analyzing experiments necessary to meet engineering specifications for their process, and participate in process and equipment development. The Role and Impact In this role, you will contribute to module process development, process integration flows, and equipment configuration for manufacturing modules. Work may also include support for yield improvement initiatives by analyzing defect data, conducting experiments, and assisting in risk assessments. You will work in collaboration with engineering teams to optimize metrology strategies, troubleshoot process flow issues, and continuously improve the process in preparation for high-volume manufacturing environment. As an intern, you will have an opportunity to learn and apply your knowledge, build skills, and explore future career opportunities through hands-on experience and projects that support Intel business goals in a collaborative environment. Business group As part of Intel Foundry, you will join Logic Technology Development (LTD) Metals team that focuses on Metals Thin Films Deposition within semiconductor manufacturing. The Logic Technology Development (LTD) organization delivers the latest process technology innovations to drive Intel's product roadmap. We foster a collaborative, supportive, and exciting environment where the brightest minds in the world come together to achieve exceptional results. The team supports Intel's broader mission of driving innovation and delivering high-quality solutions to meet global technological demands. Key Responsibilities Contribute to process development, continuous improvement, and implementation of semiconductor manufacturing processes for a specific module within LTD Metals.to help develop and improve our processes Design, execute, analyze experiments and present conclusions and recommendations to the group Collaborate with fab technicians and support experiment execution with clear instructions Assist engineering teams in process flow troubleshooting and metrology optimization strategies Apply statistical analysis and design experiments to enhance process reliability and throughput. Gain experience in materials and device characterization techniques, such as ellipsometry, xray-based techniques, 4-point probe, AFM, SEM and TEM. Qualifications: Minimum Qualifications PhD student in Chemical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Material Science, Physics, Chemistry, Mechanical Engineering, or a related field of study. Knowledge of semiconductor processing fundamentals, including thin films deposition, lithography, etching, polishing. Experience in thin films materials deposition techniques (ALD, CVD, PVD or electroplating) and characterization (ellipsometry, XRF, XPS, XRR, 4-point probe, AFM, SEM, TEM, etc.), hands-on lab/fab equipment experience Data analysis skills with demonstrated ability to construct clear data-based problem statements, design of experiment Preferred Qualifications PhD student 3rd or 4th year; experience with thin film deposition and characterization If you're eager to advance your expertise in semiconductor technology, collaborate in a supportive environment, and contribute to innovative solutions that shape the future of manufacturing, we encourage you to consider this opportunity. Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, Oregon, Hillsboro Additional Locations: Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $120,898.00-120,902.00 USD The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will require an on-site presence. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process5d:T147a,Job Details: Job Description: Intel is seeking enthusiastic and motivated individuals for the Module Engineering Graduate Intern role. In this position, you will have the unique opportunity to contribute to Intel's semiconductor manufacturing processes and play a vital role in achieving production excellence. You will be part of a module team performing electrical measurements (Etest) on chips that are mid-process inside the wafer factory (fab), providing time-critical feedback for process development and monitoring of leading-edge transistor technologies. In the Etest (parametric test) module role, you will contribute to achieving key milestones in manufacturing readiness on leading nodes, including development of automated data summaries and response flow checklists for equipment errors. You will also develop an understanding of Etest probing recipe considerations and play a role in enabling Etest on new products within the factory, while partnering with data customers to monitor and react to measurement marginalities. By joining Intel as an intern, you will build technical expertise, explore future career opportunities, and contribute to innovative projects that impact Intel's success in the competitive semiconductor industry. Key Responsibilities Configure and build queries to pull and summarize Etest data Designing, executing and analyzing experiments to drive improved tool (equipment) matching. Working effectively with the equipment supplier to identify shortcomings; develop, propose, and evaluate novel solutions to mitigate issues. Collaborating with other Intel test sites to drive the test quality and sustaining excellence. The ideal candidate should exhibit the following behavioral traits: - Problem-solving mindset and commitment to performing to Intel values. - Ability to work effectively within a highly skilled engineering team. Qualifications: You must possess the below minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position. Preferred qualifications are in addition to the minimum qualifications and are considered a plus factor in identifying top candidates. Experience listed below would be obtained through a combination of your schoolwork, classes, research, relevant previous job, and/or internship experiences. Minimum Qualifications Currently pursuing a PhD in Electrical Engineering, Physics, Computer Engineering, or a related specialized field. 3+ months of experience listed above should be in any the following: - Strong grasp of electrical circuitry fundamentals. - Hands-on experience in instrument design, test system development, or design validation. - Experience with data summarization and data analysis techniques. Preferred Qualifications - Experience with device or circuit design, or electronic test equipment. - Familiarity with Python, LabVIEW, or other programming for instrument control. - Understanding of hardware troubleshooting methodologies. - Ability to communicate complex concepts effectively and collaborate in a team environment. We invite you to be part of our innovative team and contribute to shaping the future of technology. Apply today to start your journey with Intel. Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, Oregon, Hillsboro Additional Locations: Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $120,898.00-120,902.00 USD The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will require an on-site presence. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process5e:T1974,Job Details: Job Description: The Role and Impact Join Intel Foundry's cutting-edge manufacturing organization as a Module Engineering PhD Intern. In this role, you will contribute to the development, optimization, and sustainment of advanced semiconductor manufacturing processes within a specific process module. Working alongside experienced engineers, you will gain hands-on exposure to state-of-the-art semiconductor fabrication technologies while helping solve complex technical challenges that drive manufacturing excellence. As a Module Engineering Intern, you will support process and equipment improvements, analyze manufacturing performance, and collaborate across engineering disciplines to enhance process capability, yield, quality, and operational efficiency. Your work will directly contribute to Intel's next-generation semiconductor technologies and manufacturing innovations. About Intel Foundry Intel Foundry is a world-class semiconductor manufacturing organization that enables Intel's global technology leadership. Our teams develop, optimize, and sustain advanced manufacturing processes and equipment across some of the most sophisticated fabrication facilities in the world. By joining Intel Foundry, you will become part of a highly collaborative environment focused on innovation, technical excellence, and shaping the future of semiconductor technology. Key Responsibilities Support the development, implementation, optimization, and sustainment of semiconductor manufacturing processes within a specific module area. Troubleshoot, maintain, and qualify manufacturing equipment to ensure process stability, reliability, and performance. Analyze process and equipment performance data to identify opportunities for improvement and drive corrective actions. Collaborate with cross-functional engineering teams to improve process control methodologies, operational efficiency, yield, and quality. Investigate and resolve process and equipment-related issues affecting manufacturing operations. Apply scientific and engineering principles to solve complex technical challenges in a high-volume manufacturing environment. Participate in hands-on projects aligned with Intel's business objectives while developing technical, analytical, and leadership skills. Present technical findings, recommendations, and project outcomes to engineering stakeholders. Qualifications: Minimum Qualifications Currently pursuing a PhD in Chemistry, Physics, Materials Science, Chemical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, or a related scientific or engineering discipline. Demonstrated knowledge of semiconductor manufacturing, materials processing, device fabrication, or related technologies through academic research, coursework, laboratory work, or industry experience. Experience applying scientific and engineering methodologies to solve technical problems. Strong analytical, troubleshooting, and problem-solving skills. Preferred Qualifications Cumulative GPA of 3.0 or higher. 3+ months of educational, research, laboratory, internship, or industry experience. Experience with data analysis, statistical methods, modeling, simulation, automation, or visualization tools such as Python, MATLAB, SQL, JMP, R, or equivalent platforms. Experience leveraging AI and Large Language Models (LLMs) in research, engineering, or productivity workflows, including tools such as Microsoft Copilot or Google Gemini. Research, coursework, projects, publications, or internship experience related to semiconductor technology, advanced manufacturing, process development, materials science, device physics, or data analytics. Strong written and verbal communication skills with the ability to communicate technical concepts and findings effectively. Demonstrated ability to work collaboratively in a team-based environment while managing multiple priorities. What You'll Gain Exposure to advanced semiconductor manufacturing technologies and processes. Opportunities to work on impactful projects that influence real-world production and technology development. Mentorship from experienced engineers and technical leaders. Development of technical, analytical, and professional skills in a fast-paced engineering environment. Potential opportunities to explore future career paths within Intel. Join Intel and help drive the future of semiconductor innovation through world-class manufacturing and engineering excellence Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, Oregon, Hillsboro Additional Locations: Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $120,898.00-120,902.00 USD The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will require an on-site presence. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process5f:T1707,Job Details: Job Description: The Role and Impact As a Module Engineering PhD Intern, you will contribute to the development, optimization, and implementation of advanced manufacturing processes within semiconductor production. In this role, you will work closely with experienced engineers to troubleshoot, sustain, and qualify manufacturing equipment while supporting process improvements that enhance operational performance, yield, and reliability. This internship offers a unique opportunity to apply cutting-edge research and technical expertise in a high-volume manufacturing environment, gain hands-on industry experience, and make meaningful contributions to technology that powers the world. Business Group Intel Foundry is at the forefront of semiconductor manufacturing innovation, delivering world-class process technologies and manufacturing solutions. The organization is focused on driving operational excellence, advancing manufacturing capabilities, and enabling the production of industry-leading semiconductor products. As part of Intel Foundry, you will collaborate with talented engineers and researchers who are shaping the future of technology through innovation, continuous improvement, and engineering excellence. Key Responsibilities Support the development, optimization, and implementation of manufacturing processes for semiconductor production modules. Troubleshoot, sustain, and qualify manufacturing equipment to improve performance, reliability, and operational efficiency. Partner with cross-functional engineering teams to develop and enhance process control methodologies. Analyze process and equipment data to identify improvement opportunities and drive manufacturing excellence. Execute technical projects focused on equipment performance, process optimization, and yield enhancement. Apply engineering principles and research methodologies to solve complex manufacturing challenges and develop innovative solutions. Contribute to initiatives that improve safety, quality, productivity, and operational effectiveness. Qualifications: Minimum Qualifications Currently pursuing a PhD degree in Engineering, Materials Science, Physics, Chemistry, Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Chemical Engineering, or a related STEM discipline. 3+ months of hands-on experience through research, laboratory work, internships, academic projects, or industry experience. Fundamental understanding of semiconductor manufacturing processes, process engineering, or advanced manufacturing methodologies. Strong analytical, problem-solving, and technical communication skills. Preferred Qualifications Research experience in semiconductor device fabrication, process development, materials engineering, or manufacturing technologies. Experience working with process characterization, statistical analysis, data analytics, or experimental design methodologies. Hands-on experience operating, troubleshooting, and maintaining complex equipment and hardware systems Strong academic performance with a cumulative GPA of 3.0 or higher preferred. Knowledge of semiconductor manufacturing equipment, process control systems, and equipment qualification techniques. Demonstrated ability to work effectively in cross-functional and collaborative engineering environments. Proven ability to take initiative, solve complex technical problems, and deliver results in a fast-paced setting. Bring your passion for innovation and research to Intel Foundry, where you will work alongside industry-leading engineers and technical experts to solve complex manufacturing challenges. This internship provides an opportunity to develop advanced technical skills, contribute to breakthrough technologies, and help shape the future of semiconductor manufacturing while building a strong foundation for your career. Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, Oregon, Hillsboro Additional Locations: Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $120,898.00-120,902.00 USD The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will require an on-site presence. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process60:T1690,Job Details: Job Description: The Role and Impact As a Module Engineering PhD Intern, you will play a critical role in advancing Intel's semiconductor manufacturing technology. In this position, you will work on challenging, hands-on projects that support the development, implementation, optimization, and continuous improvement of manufacturing processes within a specific process module. You will collaborate with cross-functional engineering teams to investigate process and equipment issues, analyze complex data sets, qualify manufacturing equipment, and drive process enhancements that improve yield, quality, and operational efficiency. This internship provides an excellent opportunity to apply advanced research and technical expertise while making a meaningful impact on next-generation semiconductor technologies. Business Group The Intel Foundry organization is driving innovation in semiconductor manufacturing through the development, optimization, and sustainment of advanced process technologies and production methodologies. The team is committed to delivering technology leadership and operational excellence while enabling Intel's future manufacturing roadmap. As part of this organization, you will work alongside industry-leading engineers and researchers in a collaborative environment focused on shaping the future of semiconductor manufacturing. Key Responsibilities Support the development, implementation, and optimization of semiconductor manufacturing processes within a specific process module. Troubleshoot, sustain, and qualify manufacturing equipment to improve process stability, yield, and operational efficiency. Collaborate with engineering teams to develop and enhance process control methodologies that support production and technology development goals. Conduct experiments, analyze data, and identify opportunities for process improvements and innovation. Participate in root cause investigations and implement corrective actions to address process and equipment challenges. Apply advanced engineering and scientific principles to solve complex manufacturing problems. Present technical findings, recommendations, and project results to engineering stakeholders. Qualifications: Minimum Qualifications Must be actively pursuing a PhD degree in Engineering, Materials Science, Physics, Chemistry, Chemical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, or a related STEM field. 3+ months of educational, research, laboratory, internship, or industry experience. Demonstrated hands-on experience through academic research, laboratory work, internships, coursework, or technical projects. Basic understanding of semiconductor manufacturing processes, process integration, or advanced manufacturing methodologies. Preferred Qualifications Experience with data analysis, statistical methods, and process optimization techniques. Strong academic performance with a cumulative GPA of 3.0 or higher preferred. Proficiency in Machine Learning, Python, SQL, or other data analysis tools. Experience conducting research or developing technical solutions within semiconductor manufacturing, process engineering, or related fields. Strong analytical, problem-solving, and troubleshooting skills. Ability to work effectively in a collaborative, cross-functional engineering environment. Excellent communication skills with the ability to present technical findings and recommendations. We encourage candidates who are passionate about innovation, research, and technology development to apply. Join Intel and contribute to the advancement of cutting-edge semiconductor manufacturing while gaining valuable industry experience and professional growth opportunities Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, Oregon, Hillsboro Additional Locations: Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $120,898.00-120,902.00 USD The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will require an on-site presence. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process61:Td91,Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Multifaceted, amazing people and inspiring, innovative technologies are the norm here. The people who work here have reinvented entire industries with all Apple Hardware products. The same passion for innovation that goes into our products also applies to our practices strengthening our commitment to leave the world better than we found it. The UK GPU team works on IPs that are part of Apple’s world-class GPU designs for Apple Silicon SoCs. We are seeking highly motivated, innovative and confident individuals to join us, across the following areas: Architecture Validation, Performance Modelling and Platform Architecture. You will be at the centre of a chip design effort working with all disciplines, with a critical impact on getting high performant products to millions of Apple customers efficiently. Locations: These roles will be based in London, St Albans or Cambridge. You will have the opportunity to express your location preferences if selected for interview. We will be hiring for the below internships in 2026/27 and across the available start dates: Autumn / Winter 2026 or Spring / Summer 2027. Architecture Validation: Building experience interpreting hardware functional specifications together with architects, micro-architects, and designers, you will be able to build bit-accurate C/C++ models of the GPU or design workloads to verify new GPU features through models. You will partner with our verification and software teams to identify bugs in the workloads, model and hardware, collaborate to verify architectural solutions, and communicate recommendations to the wider team. Performance Modelling: You will have impact in defining and optimising Apple's GPU micro-architecture. Through collaboration, you will seek out areas for GPU performance improvement while collecting data and measurements that either confirm new features or rule them out. You will work with experienced designers in micro-architecture and RTL to assess the feasibility of ideas, refine them and create new ones. The role requires the analysis of interesting workloads across existing and new product categories to identify bottlenecks and opportunities for improvement. You will be architecting new simulator features and brainstorming novel ideas to boost simulation performance. We also cross-collaborate as a larger performance team to maintain and improve the simulation environment and look for ways to boost the productivity of the entire team. Platform Architecture: Are you ready to be at the forefront of architecting the next generation of Apple GPUs? This role will require you to analyze the performance of existing and future looking workloads and propose, alongside with world-class GPU and SoC Architects, new features and research on novel ideas to boost to new heights the performance of our GPUs. To do so, you’ll use performance and energy models to evaluate, iterate and tune the different ideas until the proposal is mature enough to be presented to senior GPU Architects to make a decision on its feasibility. You’ll also cross-collaborate as a larger architecture and performance team to maintain and improve the simulation environment and look for ways to boost the productivity of the entire team.62:Td91,Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Multifaceted, amazing people and inspiring, innovative technologies are the norm here. The people who work here have reinvented entire industries with all Apple Hardware products. The same passion for innovation that goes into our products also applies to our practices strengthening our commitment to leave the world better than we found it. The UK GPU team works on IPs that are part of Apple’s world-class GPU designs for Apple Silicon SoCs. We are seeking highly motivated, innovative and confident individuals to join us, across the following areas: Architecture Validation, Performance Modelling and Platform Architecture. You will be at the centre of a chip design effort working with all disciplines, with a critical impact on getting high performant products to millions of Apple customers efficiently. Locations: These roles will be based in London, St Albans or Cambridge. You will have the opportunity to express your location preferences if selected for interview. We will be hiring for the below internships in 2026/27 and across the available start dates: Autumn / Winter 2026 or Spring / Summer 2027. Architecture Validation: Building experience interpreting hardware functional specifications together with architects, micro-architects, and designers, you will be able to build bit-accurate C/C++ models of the GPU or design workloads to verify new GPU features through models. You will partner with our verification and software teams to identify bugs in the workloads, model and hardware, collaborate to verify architectural solutions, and communicate recommendations to the wider team. Performance Modelling: You will have impact in defining and optimising Apple's GPU micro-architecture. Through collaboration, you will seek out areas for GPU performance improvement while collecting data and measurements that either confirm new features or rule them out. You will work with experienced designers in micro-architecture and RTL to assess the feasibility of ideas, refine them and create new ones. The role requires the analysis of interesting workloads across existing and new product categories to identify bottlenecks and opportunities for improvement. You will be architecting new simulator features and brainstorming novel ideas to boost simulation performance. We also cross-collaborate as a larger performance team to maintain and improve the simulation environment and look for ways to boost the productivity of the entire team. Platform Architecture: Are you ready to be at the forefront of architecting the next generation of Apple GPUs? This role will require you to analyze the performance of existing and future looking workloads and propose, alongside with world-class GPU and SoC Architects, new features and research on novel ideas to boost to new heights the performance of our GPUs. To do so, you’ll use performance and energy models to evaluate, iterate and tune the different ideas until the proposal is mature enough to be presented to senior GPU Architects to make a decision on its feasibility. You’ll also cross-collaborate as a larger architecture and performance team to maintain and improve the simulation environment and look for ways to boost the productivity of the entire team.63:Td91,Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Multifaceted, amazing people and inspiring, innovative technologies are the norm here. The people who work here have reinvented entire industries with all Apple Hardware products. The same passion for innovation that goes into our products also applies to our practices strengthening our commitment to leave the world better than we found it. The UK GPU team works on IPs that are part of Apple’s world-class GPU designs for Apple Silicon SoCs. We are seeking highly motivated, innovative and confident individuals to join us, across the following areas: Architecture Validation, Performance Modelling and Platform Architecture. You will be at the centre of a chip design effort working with all disciplines, with a critical impact on getting high performant products to millions of Apple customers efficiently. Locations: These roles will be based in London, St Albans or Cambridge. You will have the opportunity to express your location preferences if selected for interview. We will be hiring for the below internships in 2026/27 and across the available start dates: Autumn / Winter 2026 or Spring / Summer 2027. Architecture Validation: Building experience interpreting hardware functional specifications together with architects, micro-architects, and designers, you will be able to build bit-accurate C/C++ models of the GPU or design workloads to verify new GPU features through models. You will partner with our verification and software teams to identify bugs in the workloads, model and hardware, collaborate to verify architectural solutions, and communicate recommendations to the wider team. Performance Modelling: You will have impact in defining and optimising Apple's GPU micro-architecture. Through collaboration, you will seek out areas for GPU performance improvement while collecting data and measurements that either confirm new features or rule them out. You will work with experienced designers in micro-architecture and RTL to assess the feasibility of ideas, refine them and create new ones. The role requires the analysis of interesting workloads across existing and new product categories to identify bottlenecks and opportunities for improvement. You will be architecting new simulator features and brainstorming novel ideas to boost simulation performance. We also cross-collaborate as a larger performance team to maintain and improve the simulation environment and look for ways to boost the productivity of the entire team. Platform Architecture: Are you ready to be at the forefront of architecting the next generation of Apple GPUs? This role will require you to analyze the performance of existing and future looking workloads and propose, alongside with world-class GPU and SoC Architects, new features and research on novel ideas to boost to new heights the performance of our GPUs. To do so, you’ll use performance and energy models to evaluate, iterate and tune the different ideas until the proposal is mature enough to be presented to senior GPU Architects to make a decision on its feasibility. You’ll also cross-collaborate as a larger architecture and performance team to maintain and improve the simulation environment and look for ways to boost the productivity of the entire team.64:T443,Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Dynamic, amazing people and inspiring, innovative technologies are the norm here. The people who work here have reinvented entire industries with all Apple Hardware products. The same passion for innovation that goes into our products also applies to our practices strengthening our commitment to leave the world better than we found it. Join us to help deliver the next groundbreaking Apple product. In this highly visible role, you will be at the centre of the Apple Graphics design verification effort collaborating with design, with a critical impact on getting high quality and bug-free functional products to millions of customers quickly. While working on complete formal verification for single or multiple design blocks and IPs, you will collaborate with members of the team. Please read key responsibilities below to achieve desired outcomes.65:T1b12,Job Details: Job Description: What if your next project helped power the future of technology? At Intel, you'll do more than learn, you'll contribute. You'll work side-by-side with industry leaders, gain hands-on experience on meaningful projects, and help solve real-world challenges that affect billions of people worldwide. From advanced semiconductor manufacturing to AI-powered innovations, you'll play a role in technologies that redefine how the world works, learns, and connects. What makes Intel unique is the opportunity to see the entire technology lifecycle in action. Unlike many companies where hardware, software, and manufacturing operate separately, Intel brings them together, giving you exposure to everything from research and design to advanced semiconductor manufacturing and global deployment. Whether you're tackling engineering challenges, improving operations, analyzing data, advancing next-generation technologies, or supporting global customers, you'll build valuable skills while contributing to innovations that enable a more sustainable and connected future. Bring your curiosity, make an impact, and see where your ideas can take you at Intel. What You'll Do Within Intel's Sales Management Group, you'll combine your education with immersive, applied learning to understand how Intel brings technology solutions to customers, partners, and markets around the world. Connect Intel technologies to customer and business outcomes. Support sales teams, customers, or partners with technical insights and solutions. Analyze market, customer, product, and business data. Contribute to solution selling, sales enablement, and technical messaging. Build skills across hardware, software, systems, AI, and customer engagement. Throughout your internship, you will collaborate with colleagues and global partners, contribute to impactful projects, and gain exposure to how Intel drives business impact across industries. Where Your Career Could Take You Opportunities you may be considered for include: Technical Sales Sales Engineering Solution Architecture Cloud, AI, Systems, and Platform Solutions Build business, technical, analytical, and communication skills while exploring career paths across sales, marketing, strategy, operations, customer engagement, and technology solutions. Qualifications: Qualifications Must possess the minimum qualifications below to be initially considered for this position. Experience may be gained through coursework, research, academic projects, internships, laboratory work, student organizations, leadership experiences, or other relevant experiences. Minimum Qualifications Currently enrolled in a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Data Science/Analytics, Information Systems, Engineering, or a related technical discipline. 3+ months of relevant educational, industry, project, internship, student organization, or leadership experience. Preferred Qualifications GPA of 3.0 or higher preferred. Experience in customer needs analysis, market intelligence, sales enablement, CRM tools, product knowledge, or marketing technologies. Demonstrated communication, collaboration, project management, analytical thinking, and ability to contribute in a fast-paced team environment. Experience in technology, customer impact, business strategy, and translating insights into measurable outcomes. Location & Immigration Information As you consider the opportunity to join Intel, relocation assistance may be available based on eligibility, current location, and the specifics of the role. Job location and modality of work will be communicated at time of offer. This position is not available in the state of Colorado. This position is not eligible for employment-based visa/immigration sponsorship. Intel sponsors individuals for employment-based visas for positions where we experience a shortage of U.S. workers. These skills shortage roles are typically STEM positions requiring a Master's or PhD degree, or a Bachelor's degree with at least three years of post-degree related job experience. This position does not qualify for Intel sponsorship because it is either a non-STEM position, or a STEM position that only requires a Bachelor's degree and less than three years' experience. For information on Intel's immigration sponsorship guidelines, please see: https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/jobs/hiring.html Additional Information This application is for internship starts in Spring and Summer 2027, with consideration also given to candidates interested in year-long internship or co-op opportunities. You must be available to start work during this time frame. Life at Intel Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, California, Santa Clara Additional Locations: US, Arizona, Phoenix, US, California, Folsom, US, Oregon, Hillsboro Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $67,498.00-67,502.00 USD (Hourly Role) The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will be eligible for our hybrid work model which allows employees to split their time between working on-site at their assigned Intel site and off-site. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process66:T1afa,Job Details: Job Description: What if your next project helped power the future of technology? At Intel, you'll do more than learn, you'll contribute. You'll work side-by-side with industry leaders, gain hands-on experience on meaningful projects, and help solve real-world challenges that affect billions of people worldwide. From advanced semiconductor manufacturing to AI-powered innovations, you'll play a role in technologies that redefine how the world works, learns, and connects. What makes Intel unique is the opportunity to see the entire technology lifecycle in action. Unlike many companies where hardware, software, and manufacturing operate separately, Intel brings them together, giving you exposure to everything from research and design to advanced semiconductor manufacturing and global deployment. Whether you're tackling engineering challenges, improving operations, analyzing data, advancing next-generation technologies, or supporting global customers, you'll build valuable skills while contributing to innovations that enable a more sustainable and connected future. Bring your curiosity, make an impact, and see where your ideas can take you at Intel. What You'll Do Within Intel's Sales Management Group, you'll combine your education with immersive, applied learning to understand how Intel brings technology solutions to customers, partners, and markets around the world. Connect Intel technologies to customer and business outcomes. Support sales teams, customers, or partners with technical insights and solutions. Analyze market, customer, product, and business data. Contribute to solution selling, sales enablement, and technical messaging. Build skills across hardware, software, systems, AI, and customer engagement. Throughout your internship, you will collaborate with colleagues and global partners, contribute to impactful projects, and gain exposure to how Intel drives business impact across industries. Where Your Career Could Take You Opportunities you may be considered for include: Technical Sales Sales Engineering Solution Architecture Cloud, AI, Systems, and Platform Solutions Build business, technical, analytical, and communication skills while exploring career paths across sales, marketing, strategy, operations, customer engagement, and technology solutions. Qualifications: Must possess the minimum qualifications below to be initially considered for this position. Experience may be gained through coursework, research, academic projects, internships, laboratory work, student organizations, leadership experiences, or other relevant experiences. Minimum Qualifications Currently enrolled in a Master’s degree or PhD in Computer Science, Data Science/Analytics, Information Systems, Engineering, or a related technical discipline. 6+ months of relevant educational, industry, project, internship, student organization, or leadership experience. Preferred Qualifications GPA of 3.0 or higher preferred. Experience in customer needs analysis, market intelligence, sales enablement, CRM tools, product knowledge, or marketing technologies. Demonstrated communication, collaboration, project management, analytical thinking, and ability to contribute in a fast-paced team environment. Experience in technology, customer impact, business strategy, and translating insights into measurable outcomes. Location & Immigration Information As you consider the opportunity to join Intel, relocation assistance may be available based on eligibility, current location, and the specifics of the role. Job location and modality of work will be communicated at time of offer. This position is not available in the state of Colorado. This position is not eligible for employment-based visa/immigration sponsorship. Intel sponsors individuals for employment-based visas for positions where we experience a shortage of U.S. workers. These skills shortage roles are typically STEM positions requiring a Master's or PhD degree, or a Bachelor's degree with at least three years of post-degree related job experience. This position does not qualify for Intel sponsorship because it is either a non-STEM position, or a STEM position that only requires a Bachelor's degree and less than three years' experience. For information on Intel's immigration sponsorship guidelines, please see: https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/jobs/hiring.html Additional Information This application is for internship starts in Spring and Summer 2027, with consideration also given to candidates interested in year-long internship or co-op opportunities. You must be available to start work during this time frame. Life at Intel Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, California, Santa Clara Additional Locations: US, Arizona, Phoenix, US, California, Folsom, US, Oregon, Hillsboro Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $81,098.00-81,102.00 USD The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will be eligible for our hybrid work model which allows employees to split their time between working on-site at their assigned Intel site and off-site. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process67:T1c3f,Job Details: Job Description: What if your next project helped power the future of technology? At Intel, you'll do more than learn, you'll contribute. You’ll work side-by-side with industry leaders, gain hands-on experience on meaningful projects, and help solve real-world challenges that affect billions of people worldwide. From advanced semiconductor manufacturing to AI-powered innovations, you'll play a role in technologies that redefine how the world works, learns, and connects. What makes Intel unique is the opportunity to see the entire technology lifecycle in action. Unlike many companies where hardware, software, and manufacturing operate separately, Intel brings them together, giving you exposure to everything from research and design to advanced semiconductor manufacturing and global deployment. Whether you're tackling engineering challenges, improving operations, analyzing data, advancing next-generation technologies, or supporting global customers, you'll build valuable skills while contributing to innovations that enable a more sustainable and connected future. Bring your curiosity, make an impact, and see where your ideas can take you at Intel. What You'll Do Within Intel's sales and marketing groups, you'll combine your education with immersive, applied learning to understand how Intel brings technology solutions to customers, partners, and markets around the world. Support marketing communications, sales strategy, brand positioning, customer engagement, or business operations. Analyze market, customer, campaign, or sales data to identify insights.. Contribute to programs that help Intel connect technology solutions to business and customer needs. Collaborate with global partners and cross-functional teams. Build skills in communication, business strategy, project management, and data-informed decision making. Throughout your internship, you will collaborate with colleagues and global partners, contribute to impactful projects, and gain exposure to how Intel drives business impact across industries. Where Your Career Could Take You Opportunities you may be considered for include: Sales, Sales Enablement & Account Management Partner Sales & Ecosystem Management Marketing, Events & Brand Strategy Customer Experience & Market Insights Build business, technical, analytical, and communication skills while exploring career paths across sales, marketing, strategy, operations, customer engagement, and technology solutions. Qualifications: Must possess the minimum qualifications below to be initially considered for this position. Experience may be gained through coursework, research, academic projects, internships, laboratory work, student organizations, leadership experiences, or other relevant experiences. Minimum Qualifications Currently enrolled in a Bachelor’s degree in Business, Economics, Finance, Communications, Journalism, Marketing, Digital/Social, Advertising, or a related discipline. 3+ months of relevant educational, industry, project, internship, student organization, or leadership experience. Preferred Qualifications GPA of 3.0 or higher preferred. Experience or interest in customer needs analysis, market intelligence, Power BI or similar data visualization tools, sales enablement, CRM tools, marketing technologies, product knowledge, industry and engineering concepts, and emerging technologies such as AI and agentic AI. Demonstrated communication, collaboration, project management, analytical thinking, and ability to contribute in a fast-paced team environment. Interest in technology, customer impact, business strategy, and translating insights into measurable outcomes. Location & Immigration Information As you consider the opportunity to join Intel, relocation assistance may be available based on eligibility, current location, and the specifics of the role. Job location and modality of work will be communicated at time of offer. This position is not available in the state of Colorado. This position is not eligible for employment-based visa/immigration sponsorship. Intel sponsors individuals for employment-based visas for positions where we experience a shortage of U.S. workers. These skills shortage roles are typically STEM positions requiring a Master's or PhD degree, or a Bachelor's degree with at least three years of post-degree related job experience. This position does not qualify for Intel sponsorship because it is either a non-STEM position, or a STEM position that only requires a Bachelor's degree and less than three years' experience. For information on Intel's immigration sponsorship guidelines, please see: https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/jobs/hiring.html Additional Information This application is for internship starts in Spring and Summer 2027, with consideration also given to candidates interested in year-long internship or co-op opportunities. You must be available to start work during this time frame. Life at Intel Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, California, Santa Clara Additional Locations: US, Arizona, Phoenix, US, California, Folsom, US, Oregon, Hillsboro Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $67,498.00-67,502.00 USD (Hourly Role) The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will be eligible for our hybrid work model which allows employees to split their time between working on-site at their assigned Intel site and off-site. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process68:T1c38,Job Details: Job Description: What if your next project helped power the future of technology? At Intel, you'll do more than learn, you'll contribute. You’ll work side-by-side with industry leaders, gain hands-on experience on meaningful projects, and help solve real-world challenges that affect billions of people worldwide. From advanced semiconductor manufacturing to AI-powered innovations, you'll play a role in technologies that redefine how the world works, learns, and connects. What makes Intel unique is the opportunity to see the entire technology lifecycle in action. Unlike many companies where hardware, software, and manufacturing operate separately, Intel brings them together, giving you exposure to everything from research and design to advanced semiconductor manufacturing and global deployment. Whether you're tackling engineering challenges, improving operations, analyzing data, advancing next-generation technologies, or supporting global customers, you'll build valuable skills while contributing to innovations that enable a more sustainable and connected future. Bring your curiosity, make an impact, and see where your ideas can take you at Intel. What You'll Do Within Intel's sales and marketing groups, you'll combine your education with immersive, applied learning to understand how Intel brings technology solutions to customers, partners, and markets around the world. Support marketing communications, sales strategy, brand positioning, customer engagement, or business operations. Analyze market, customer, campaign, or sales data to identify insights.. Contribute to programs that help Intel connect technology solutions to business and customer needs. Collaborate with global partners and cross-functional teams. Build skills in communication, business strategy, project management, and data-informed decision making. Throughout your internship, you will collaborate with colleagues and global partners, contribute to impactful projects, and gain exposure to how Intel drives business impact across industries. Where Your Career Could Take You Opportunities you may be considered for include: Sales, Sales Enablement & Account Management Partner Sales & Ecosystem Management Marketing, Events & Brand Strategy Customer Experience & Market Insights Build business, technical, analytical, and communication skills while exploring career paths across sales, marketing, strategy, operations, customer engagement, and technology solutions. Qualifications: Must possess the minimum qualifications below to be initially considered for this position. Experience may be gained through coursework, research, academic projects, internships, laboratory work, student organizations, leadership experiences, or other relevant experiences. Minimum Qualifications Currently enrolled in a Master’s degree or PhD in Business, Economics, Finance, Communications, Journalism, Marketing, Digital/Social, Advertising, or a related discipline. 6+ months of relevant educational, industry, project, internship, student organization, or leadership experience. Preferred Qualifications GPA of 3.0 or higher preferred. Experience or interest in customer needs analysis, market intelligence, Power BI or similar data visualization tools, sales enablement, CRM tools, marketing technologies, product knowledge, industry and engineering concepts, and emerging technologies such as AI and agentic AI. Demonstrated communication, collaboration, project management, analytical thinking, and ability to contribute in a fast-paced team environment. Experience in technology, customer impact, business strategy, and translating insights into measurable outcomes. Location & Immigration Information As you consider the opportunity to join Intel, relocation assistance may be available based on eligibility, current location, and the specifics of the role. Job location and modality of work will be communicated at time of offer. This position is not available in the state of Colorado. This position is not eligible for employment-based visa/immigration sponsorship. Intel sponsors individuals for employment-based visas for positions where we experience a shortage of U.S. workers. These skills shortage roles are typically STEM positions requiring a Master's or PhD degree, or a Bachelor's degree with at least three years of post-degree related job experience. This position does not qualify for Intel sponsorship because it is either a non-STEM position, or a STEM position that only requires a Bachelor's degree and less than three years' experience. For information on Intel's immigration sponsorship guidelines, please see: https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/jobs/hiring.html Additional Information This application is for internship starts in Spring and Summer 2027, with consideration also given to candidates interested in year-long internship or co-op opportunities. You must be available to start work during this time frame. Life at Intel Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, California, Santa Clara Additional Locations: US, Arizona, Phoenix, US, California, Folsom, US, Oregon, Hillsboro Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $81,098.00-81,102.00 USD The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will be eligible for our hybrid work model which allows employees to split their time between working on-site at their assigned Intel site and off-site. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process69:T1bcb,Job Details: Job Description: What if your next project helped power the future of technology? At Intel, you'll do more than learn, you'll contribute. You'll work side-by-side with industry leaders, gain hands-on experience on meaningful projects, and help solve real-world challenges that affect billions of people worldwide. From advanced semiconductor manufacturing to AI-powered innovations, you'll play a role in technologies that redefine how the world works, learns, and connects. What makes Intel unique is the opportunity to see the entire technology lifecycle in action. Unlike many companies where hardware, software, and manufacturing operate separately, Intel brings them together, giving you exposure to everything from research and design to advanced semiconductor manufacturing and global deployment. Whether you're tackling engineering challenges, improving operations, analyzing data, advancing next-generation technologies, or supporting global customers, you'll build valuable skills while contributing to innovations that enable a more sustainable and connected future. Bring your curiosity, make an impact, and see where your ideas can take you at Intel. What You'll Do You'll gain hands-on experience supporting Intel's advanced semiconductor manufacturing operations while working with experienced engineers and operations teams. Develop and optimize semiconductor manufacturing processes. Analyze data to improve yield, quality, reliability, and factory performance. Work with advanced semiconductor equipment and fabrication technologies. Apply statistics, data analytics, and failure analysis to solve engineering challenges. Support process control, quality assurance, and continuous improvement initiatives. Contribute to safe, sustainable, and high-performing manufacturing operations. Through these experiences, you will strengthen technical expertise in manufacturing, process optimization, data analytics, quality systems, and problem solving. Where Your Career Could Take You By applying to this requisition, you may be considered for future opportunities such as: Industrial Engineer Manufacturing Operations Manager Module Engineer Process Integration Engineer Repair Development Engineer Gain experiences that can open doors to future opportunities in semiconductor manufacturing, process development, factory automation, yield improvement, quality engineering, and operations leadership. Qualifications: Must possess the minimum qualifications below to be initially considered for this position. Experience may be gained through coursework, research, academic projects, internships, laboratory work, student organizations, leadership experiences, or other relevant experiences. Minimum Qualifications Currently pursuing a Bachelor’s degree in Chemical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Materials Science, Microelectronics Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Chemistry, Physics, Computer Science, Data Science, Mathematics, or related STEM field. 3+ months of experience gained through coursework, projects, research, internships, lab work, student organizations, or industry experience. Preferred Qualifications Strong academic performance with a cumulative GPA of 3.0 or higher preferred. Experience with programming, data analysis, modeling, simulation, automation, or visualization tools such as Python, MATLAB, SQL, JMP, R, or similar. Coursework, research, academic projects, or internship experience related to semiconductor technology, advanced manufacturing, process development, engineering, materials science, or data analytics. Demonstrated analytical problem solving, teamwork, communication, and ability to share technical findings. Location & Immigration Information As you consider the opportunity to join Intel, relocation assistance may be available based on eligibility, current location, and the specifics of the role. Job location and modality of work will be communicated at time of offer. This position is not available in the state of Colorado. This position is not eligible for employment-based visa/immigration sponsorship. Intel sponsors individuals for employment-based visas for positions where we experience a shortage of U.S. workers. These skills shortage roles are typically STEM positions requiring a Master's or PhD degree, or a Bachelor's degree with at least three years of post-degree related job experience. This position does not qualify for Intel sponsorship because it is either a non-STEM position, or a STEM position that only requires a Bachelor's degree and less than three years' experience. For information on Intel's immigration sponsorship guidelines, please see: https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/jobs/hiring.html Additional Information This application is for internship starts in Spring and Summer 2027, with consideration also given to candidates interested in year-long internship or co-op opportunities. You must be available to start work during this time frame. Life at Intel Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, Oregon, Hillsboro Additional Locations: US, Arizona, Phoenix, US, New Mexico, Albuquerque Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $76,398.00-76,402.00 USD (Hourly Role) The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will require an on-site presence. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process6a:T1b27,Job Details: Job Description: What if your next project helped power the future of technology? At Intel, you'll do more than learn, you'll contribute. You'll work side-by-side with industry leaders, gain hands-on experience on meaningful projects, and help solve real-world challenges that affect billions of people worldwide. From advanced semiconductor manufacturing to AI-powered innovations, you'll play a role in technologies that redefine how the world works, learns, and connects. What makes Intel unique is the opportunity to see the entire technology lifecycle in action. Unlike many companies where hardware, software, and manufacturing operate separately, Intel brings them together, giving you exposure to everything from research and design to advanced semiconductor manufacturing and global deployment. Whether you're tackling engineering challenges, improving operations, analyzing data, advancing next-generation technologies, or supporting global customers, you'll build valuable skills while contributing to innovations that enable a more sustainable and connected future. Bring your curiosity, make an impact, and see where your ideas can take you at Intel. What You'll Do Develop semiconductor technologies that power AI, high-performance computing, and advanced devices by applying graduate-level technical expertise to manufacturing and process challenges. Advance semiconductor processes, technologies, and manufacturing solutions. Leverage analytics, modeling, simulation, and experimentation to solve complex engineering challenges. Improve yield, quality, reliability, and performance through data-driven insights. Partner across engineering and technology teams to accelerate next-generation semiconductor innovations. Enable safe, sustainable, efficient manufacturing operations. Build expertise in semiconductor technology, analytics, experimentation, and advanced problem solving at manufacturing scale. Where Your Career Could Take You Future opportunities may include: Manufacturing Operations Manager Manufacturing Systems Development Engineer Module Engineer Module Development Engineer Process Integration and Yield Engineer Semiconductor Manufacturing Engineer Yield Development Engineer Explore career paths in process and technology development, advanced manufacturing, yield engineering, factory automation, and technical leadership. Qualifications: Must possess the minimum qualifications below to be initially considered for this position. Experience may be gained through coursework, research, academic projects, internships, laboratory work, student organizations, leadership experiences, or other relevant experiences. Minimum Qualifications Currently pursuing a Master’s degree or PhD in Chemical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Materials Science, Microelectronics Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Chemistry, Physics, or a related STEM field. 3+ months of educational, research, laboratory, internship, or industry experience. Preferred Qualifications Strong academic performance with a cumulative GPA of 3.0 or higher preferred. Experience with programming, analytics, modeling, simulation, automation, visualization tools, or design of experiments. Research, coursework, laboratory work, academic projects, internships, or other relevant technical experiences in semiconductor technology, advanced manufacturing, process development, materials science, chemistry, physics, or related technical fields. Ability to communicate technical findings and collaborate across project teams. Location & Immigration Information As you consider the opportunity to join Intel, relocation assistance may be available based on eligibility, current location, and the specifics of the role. Job location and modality of work will be communicated at time of offer. This position is not available in the state of Colorado. This position is not eligible for employment-based visa/immigration sponsorship. Intel sponsors individuals for employment-based visas for positions where we experience a shortage of U.S. workers. These skills shortage roles are typically STEM positions requiring a Master's or PhD degree, or a Bachelor's degree with at least three years of post-degree related job experience. This position does not qualify for Intel sponsorship because it is either a non-STEM position, or a STEM position that only requires a Bachelor's degree and less than three years' experience. For information on Intel's immigration sponsorship guidelines, please see: https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/jobs/hiring.html Additional Information This application is for internship starts in Spring and Summer 2027, with consideration also given to candidates interested in year-long internship or co-op opportunities. You must be available to start work during this time frame. Life at Intel Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, Oregon, Hillsboro Additional Locations: US, Arizona, Phoenix, US, New Mexico, Albuquerque Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $89,098.00-89,102.00 USD The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will require an on-site presence. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process6b:T1b7f,Job Details: Job Description: What if your next project helped power the future of technology? At Intel, you'll do more than learn, you'll contribute. You'll work side-by-side with industry leaders, gain hands-on experience on meaningful projects, and help solve real-world challenges that affect billions of people worldwide. From advanced semiconductor manufacturing to AI-powered innovations, you'll play a role in technologies that redefine how the world works, learns, and connects. What makes Intel unique is the opportunity to see the entire technology lifecycle in action. Unlike many companies where hardware, software, and manufacturing operate separately, Intel brings them together, giving you exposure to everything from research and design to advanced semiconductor manufacturing and global deployment. Whether you're tackling engineering challenges, improving operations, analyzing data, advancing next-generation technologies, or supporting global customers, you'll build valuable skills while contributing to innovations that enable a more sustainable and connected future. Bring your curiosity, make an impact, and see where your ideas can take you at Intel. What You'll Do Help enable the technologies that power AI, computing, and connectivity. As a Facilities Services Intern, you'll support the critical infrastructure behind Intel's semiconductor manufacturing operations. Support engineering projects and continuous improvement initiatives. Analyze system and equipment performance to identify improvement opportunities. Assist with troubleshooting, root-cause analysis, and technical problem solving. Contribute to the safe, reliable, and sustainable operation of critical facility systems. Partner with cross-functional teams to solve real-world engineering challenges. Gain exposure to facilities engineering, instrumentation and controls, chemical management, water treatment, environmental health and safety, and manufacturing infrastructure. Where Your Career Could Take You Potential career paths may include: Facilities Chemical/Gas Systems Engineer Facilities Electrical Engineer Facilities Engineer Facilities Instrumentation & Controls Engineer Facilities Mechanical Engineer Facilities Water/Waste Treatment Engineer Environmental Health & Safety Engineer Facilities Operations Engineer Build expertise in sustainability, advanced manufacturing, infrastructure systems, and operational excellence while helping enable technologies that power the future. Qualifications: Must possess the minimum qualifications below to be initially considered for this position. Experience may be gained through coursework, research, academic projects, internships, laboratory work, student organizations, leadership experiences, or other relevant experiences. Minimum Qualifications Currently pursuing a Bachelor’s degree in Mechanical, Electrical, Chemical, Instrumentation and Controls, Microelectronics, Renewable Energy Technology, Environmental Technology, Water/Purification Engineering, or a related STEM field. 3+ months of engineering, research, analytical, technical, educational, or industry experience. Preferred Qualifications GPA of 3.0 or higher preferred. Exposure to engineering design, laboratory environments, equipment systems, modeling, simulation, data analysis, or technical problem solving. Interest in facilities systems, sustainability, advanced manufacturing, infrastructure operations, automation, or environmental health and safety. Demonstrated teamwork, communication, leadership, and passion for solving complex engineering challenges. Location & Immigration Information As you consider the opportunity to join Intel, relocation assistance may be available based on eligibility, current location, and the specifics of the role. Job location and modality of work will be communicated at time of offer. This position is not available in the state of Colorado. This position is not eligible for employment-based visa/immigration sponsorship. Intel sponsors individuals for employment-based visas for positions where we experience a shortage of U.S. workers. These skills shortage roles are typically STEM positions requiring a Master's or PhD degree, or a Bachelor's degree with at least three years of post-degree related job experience. This position does not qualify for Intel sponsorship because it is either a non-STEM position, or a STEM position that only requires a Bachelor's degree and less than three years' experience. For information on Intel's immigration sponsorship guidelines, please see: https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/jobs/hiring.html Additional Information This application is for internship starts in Spring and Summer 2027, with consideration also given to candidates interested in year-long internship or co-op opportunities. You must be available to start work during this time frame. Life at Intel Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, Oregon, Hillsboro Additional Locations: US, Arizona, Phoenix, US, California, Folsom, US, California, Santa Clara Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $76,398.00-76,402.00 USD (Hourly Role) The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will require an on-site presence. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process6c:T1b5d,Job Details: Job Description: What if your next project helped power the future of technology? At Intel, you'll do more than learn, you'll contribute. You'll work side-by-side with industry leaders, gain hands-on experience on meaningful projects, and help solve real-world challenges that affect billions of people worldwide. From advanced semiconductor manufacturing to AI-powered innovations, you'll play a role in technologies that redefine how the world works, learns, and connects. What makes Intel unique is the opportunity to see the entire technology lifecycle in action. Unlike many companies where hardware, software, and manufacturing operate separately, Intel brings them together, giving you exposure to everything from research and design to advanced semiconductor manufacturing and global deployment. Whether you're tackling engineering challenges, improving operations, analyzing data, advancing next-generation technologies, or supporting global customers, you'll build valuable skills while contributing to innovations that enable a more sustainable and connected future. Bring your curiosity, make an impact, and see where your ideas can take you at Intel. What You'll Do Build technologies that power the future of computing. As a Platform Hardware and Systems Engineering Intern, you'll work on meaningful projects while building technical expertise that accelerates your professional growth. Hardware and systems architecture, design, and integration. Platform validation, debug, and performance optimization. Power, thermal, and signal integrity engineering. Programming, automation, and AI-enabled solutions. Cross-functional work that advances platform capabilities. Develop technical depth, tackle complex challenges, and contribute from day one while learning alongside experienced Intel engineers and technical leaders. Where Your Career Could Take You Potential opportunity areas include: Hardware Design Engineer Systems Engineering & Architecture roles Platform Validation Engineer Power & Signal Integrity Engineer GPU Platform Hardware Design Engineer Silicon & Packaging Engineer Emerging Technologies & Research roles Build technical expertise, explore new possibilities, and help shape what is next in computing and semiconductor technology. Qualifications: Must possess the minimum qualifications below to be initially considered for this position. Experience may be gained through coursework, research, academic projects, internships, laboratory work, student organizations, leadership experiences, or other relevant experiences. Minimum Qualifications Currently pursuing a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Data Science, Electrical Engineering, Chemical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Materials Science, Chemistry, Mathematics, Physics, or a related STEM field. 3+ months of experience gained through coursework, academic projects, research, internships, co-ops, student organizations, assistantships, or other relevant technical experiences. Preferred Qualifications GPA of 3.0 or higher preferred. Experience or interest in design, architecture, programming, scripting, data analysis, automation, modeling, simulation, validation, or debugging. Hands-on coursework, research, projects, or internship experience related to the role family. Strong problem-solving, communication, collaboration, and ability to work in team-based environments. Location & Immigration Information As you consider the opportunity to join Intel, relocation assistance may be available based on eligibility, current location, and the specifics of the role. Job location and modality of work will be communicated at time of offer. This position is not available in the state of Colorado. This position is not eligible for employment-based visa/immigration sponsorship. Intel sponsors individuals for employment-based visas for positions where we experience a shortage of U.S. workers. These skills shortage roles are typically STEM positions requiring a Master's or PhD degree, or a Bachelor's degree with at least three years of post-degree related job experience. This position does not qualify for Intel sponsorship because it is either a non-STEM position, or a STEM position that only requires a Bachelor's degree and less than three years' experience. For information on Intel's immigration sponsorship guidelines, please see: https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/jobs/hiring.html Additional Information This application is for internship starts in Spring and Summer 2027, with consideration also given to candidates interested in year-long internship or co-op opportunities. You must be available to start work during this time frame. Life at Intel Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, Oregon, Hillsboro Additional Locations: US, Arizona, Phoenix, US, California, Folsom, US, California, Santa Clara, US, Texas, Austin Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $91,198.00-91,202.00 USD (Hourly Role) The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will be eligible for our hybrid work model which allows employees to split their time between working on-site at their assigned Intel site and off-site. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process6d:T1b56,Job Details: Job Description: What if your next project helped power the future of technology? At Intel, you'll do more than learn, you'll contribute. You'll work side-by-side with industry leaders, gain hands-on experience on meaningful projects, and help solve real-world challenges that affect billions of people worldwide. From advanced semiconductor manufacturing to AI-powered innovations, you'll play a role in technologies that redefine how the world works, learns, and connects. What makes Intel unique is the opportunity to see the entire technology lifecycle in action. Unlike many companies where hardware, software, and manufacturing operate separately, Intel brings them together, giving you exposure to everything from research and design to advanced semiconductor manufacturing and global deployment. Whether you're tackling engineering challenges, improving operations, analyzing data, advancing next-generation technologies, or supporting global customers, you'll build valuable skills while contributing to innovations that enable a more sustainable and connected future. Bring your curiosity, make an impact, and see where your ideas can take you at Intel. What You'll Do Build technologies that power the future of computing. As a Platform Hardware and Systems Engineering Intern, you'll work on meaningful projects while building technical expertise that accelerates your professional growth. Hardware and systems architecture, design, and integration. Platform validation, debug, and performance optimization. Power, thermal, and signal integrity engineering. Programming, automation, and AI-enabled solutions. Cross-functional work that advances platform capabilities. Develop technical depth, tackle complex challenges, and contribute from day one while learning alongside experienced Intel engineers and technical leaders. Where Your Career Could Take You Potential opportunity areas include: Hardware Design Engineer Systems Engineering & Architecture roles Platform Validation Engineer Power & Signal Integrity Engineer GPU Platform Hardware Design Engineer Silicon & Packaging Engineer Emerging Technologies & Research roles Build technical expertise, explore new possibilities, and help shape what is next in computing and semiconductor technology. Qualifications: Must possess the minimum qualifications below to be initially considered for this position. Experience may be gained through coursework, research, academic projects, internships, laboratory work, student organizations, leadership experiences, or other relevant experiences. Minimum Qualifications Currently pursuing a Master’s degree or PhD in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Data Science, Electrical Engineering, Chemical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Materials Science, Chemistry, Mathematics, Physics, or a related STEM field. 3+ months of experience gained through coursework, academic projects, research, internships, co-ops, student organizations, assistantships, or other relevant technical experiences. Preferred Qualifications GPA of 3.0 or higher preferred. Experience or interest in design, architecture, programming, scripting, data analysis, automation, modeling, simulation, validation, or debugging. Hands-on coursework, research, projects, or internship experience related to the role family. Strong problem-solving, communication, collaboration, and ability to work in team-based environments. Location & Immigration Information As you consider the opportunity to join Intel, relocation assistance may be available based on eligibility, current location, and the specifics of the role. Job location and modality of work will be communicated at time of offer. This position is not available in the state of Colorado. This position is not eligible for employment-based visa/immigration sponsorship. Intel sponsors individuals for employment-based visas for positions where we experience a shortage of U.S. workers. These skills shortage roles are typically STEM positions requiring a Master's or PhD degree, or a Bachelor's degree with at least three years of post-degree related job experience. This position does not qualify for Intel sponsorship because it is either a non-STEM position, or a STEM position that only requires a Bachelor's degree and less than three years' experience. For information on Intel's immigration sponsorship guidelines, please see: https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/jobs/hiring.html Additional Information This application is for internship starts in Spring and Summer 2027, with consideration also given to candidates interested in year-long internship or co-op opportunities. You must be available to start work during this time frame. Life at Intel Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, Oregon, Hillsboro Additional Locations: US, Arizona, Phoenix, US, California, Folsom, US, California, Santa Clara, US, Texas, Austin Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $105,698.00-105,702.00 USD The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will be eligible for our hybrid work model which allows employees to split their time between working on-site at their assigned Intel site and off-site. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process6e:T1b31,Job Details: Job Description: What if your next project helped power the future of technology? At Intel, you'll do more than learn, you'll contribute. You’ll work side-by-side with industry leaders, gain hands-on experience on meaningful projects, and help solve real-world challenges that affect billions of people worldwide. From advanced semiconductor manufacturing to AI-powered innovations, you'll play a role in technologies that redefine how the world works, learns, and connects. What makes Intel unique is the opportunity to see the entire technology lifecycle in action. Unlike many companies where hardware, software, and manufacturing operate separately, Intel brings them together, giving you exposure to everything from research and design to advanced semiconductor manufacturing and global deployment. Whether you're tackling engineering challenges, improving operations, analyzing data, advancing next-generation technologies, or supporting global customers, you'll build valuable skills while contributing to innovations that enable a more sustainable and connected future. Bring your curiosity, make an impact, and see where your ideas can take you at Intel. What You'll Do Build technologies that power the future of computing. As a Silicon Hardware Engineering Intern, you'll work on meaningful projects while building technical expertise that accelerates your professional growth. Silicon architecture, circuit design, logic, layout, physical design, verification, validation, and debug. Design, build, test, and analyze technologies at the core of Intel processors and platforms. Use scripting, data analysis, and hardware validation methods to solve technical problems. Collaborate across silicon, product, and manufacturing teams. Contribute to innovations in processors, GPUs, SoCs, photonics, and validation systems. Develop technical depth, tackle complex challenges, and contribute from day one while learning alongside experienced Intel engineers and technical leaders. Where Your Career Could Take You Potential opportunity areas include: Analog Circuit Design Engineer CPU/GPU Design Verification Engineer GPU Physical Design Engineer DFT Design Engineer Formal Verification Engineer Product Development Engineer Product Failure Analysis Engineer Silicon Product Architect SoC Logic Design Engineer Build technical expertise, explore new possibilities, and help shape what is next in computing and semiconductor technology. Qualifications: Must possess the minimum qualifications below to be initially considered for this position. Experience may be gained through coursework, research, academic projects, internships, laboratory work, student organizations, leadership experiences, or other relevant experiences. Minimum Qualifications Currently pursuing a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Physics, or a related STEM field. 3+ months of experience gained through coursework, academic projects, research, internships, co-ops, student organizations, assistantships, or other relevant technical experiences. Preferred Qualifications GPA of 3.0 or higher preferred. Experience or interest in design, architecture, programming, scripting, data analysis, automation, modeling, simulation, validation, or debugging. Hands-on coursework, research, projects, or internship experience related to the role family. Strong problem-solving, communication, collaboration, and ability to work in team-based environments. Location & Immigration Information As you consider the opportunity to join Intel, relocation assistance may be available based on eligibility, current location, and the specifics of the role. Job location and modality of work will be communicated at time of offer. This position is not available in the state of Colorado. This position is not eligible for employment-based visa/immigration sponsorship. Intel sponsors individuals for employment-based visas for positions where we experience a shortage of U.S. workers. These skills shortage roles are typically STEM positions requiring a Master's or PhD degree, or a Bachelor's degree with at least three years of post-degree related job experience. This position does not qualify for Intel sponsorship because it is either a non-STEM position, or a STEM position that only requires a Bachelor's degree and less than three years' experience. For information on Intel's immigration sponsorship guidelines, please see: https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/jobs/hiring.html Additional Information This application is for internship starts in Spring and Summer 2027, with consideration also given to candidates interested in year-long internship or co-op opportunities. You must be available to start work during this time frame. Life at Intel Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, Oregon, Hillsboro Additional Locations: US, Arizona, Phoenix, US, California, Folsom, US, California, Santa Clara, US, Texas, Austin Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $91,198.00-91,202.00 USD (Hourly Role) The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will require an on-site presence. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process6f:T1b28,Job Details: Job Description: What if your next project helped power the future of technology? At Intel, you'll do more than learn, you'll contribute. You'll work side-by-side with industry leaders, gain hands-on experience on meaningful projects, and help solve real-world challenges that affect billions of people worldwide. From advanced semiconductor manufacturing to AI-powered innovations, you'll play a role in technologies that redefine how the world works, learns, and connects. What makes Intel unique is the opportunity to see the entire technology lifecycle in action. Unlike many companies where hardware, software, and manufacturing operate separately, Intel brings them together, giving you exposure to everything from research and design to advanced semiconductor manufacturing and global deployment. Whether you're tackling engineering challenges, improving operations, analyzing data, advancing next-generation technologies, or supporting global customers, you'll build valuable skills while contributing to innovations that enable a more sustainable and connected future. Bring your curiosity, make an impact, and see where your ideas can take you at Intel. What You'll Do Build technologies that power the future of computing. As a Silicon Hardware Engineering Intern, you'll work on meaningful projects while building technical expertise that accelerates your professional growth. Silicon architecture, circuit design, logic, layout, physical design, verification, validation, and debug. Design, build, test, and analyze technologies at the core of Intel processors and platforms. Use scripting, data analysis, and hardware validation methods to solve technical problems. Collaborate across silicon, product, and manufacturing teams. Contribute to innovations in processors, GPUs, SoCs, photonics, and validation systems. Develop technical depth, tackle complex challenges, and contribute from day one while learning alongside experienced Intel engineers and technical leaders. Where Your Career Could Take You Potential opportunity areas include: Analog Circuit Design Engineer CPU/GPU Design Verification Engineer GPU Physical Design Engineer DFT Design Engineer Formal Verification Engineer Product Development Engineer Product Failure Analysis Engineer Silicon Product Architect SoC Logic Design Engineer Build technical expertise, explore new possibilities, and help shape what is next in computing and semiconductor technology. Qualifications: Must possess the minimum qualifications below to be initially considered for this position. Experience may be gained through coursework, research, academic projects, internships, laboratory work, student organizations, leadership experiences, or other relevant experiences. Minimum Qualifications Currently pursuing a Master’s degree or PhD in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Physics, or a related STEM field. 3+ months of experience gained through coursework, academic projects, research, internships, co-ops, student organizations, assistantships, or other relevant technical experiences. Preferred Qualifications GPA of 3.0 or higher preferred. Experience or interest in design, architecture, programming, scripting, data analysis, automation, modeling, simulation, validation, or debugging. Hands-on coursework, research, projects, or internship experience related to the role family. Strong problem-solving, communication, collaboration, and ability to work in team-based environments. Location & Immigration Information As you consider the opportunity to join Intel, relocation assistance may be available based on eligibility, current location, and the specifics of the role. Job location and modality of work will be communicated at time of offer. This position is not available in the state of Colorado. This position is not eligible for employment-based visa/immigration sponsorship. Intel sponsors individuals for employment-based visas for positions where we experience a shortage of U.S. workers. These skills shortage roles are typically STEM positions requiring a Master's or PhD degree, or a Bachelor's degree with at least three years of post-degree related job experience. This position does not qualify for Intel sponsorship because it is either a non-STEM position, or a STEM position that only requires a Bachelor's degree and less than three years' experience. For information on Intel's immigration sponsorship guidelines, please see: https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/jobs/hiring.html Additional Information This application is for internship starts in Spring and Summer 2027, with consideration also given to candidates interested in year-long internship or co-op opportunities. You must be available to start work during this time frame. Life at Intel Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, Oregon, Hillsboro Additional Locations: US, Arizona, Phoenix, US, California, Folsom, US, California, Santa Clara, US, Texas, Austin Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $105,698.00-105,702.00 USD The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will require an on-site presence. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process70:T1b34,Job Details: Job Description: What if your next project helped power the future of technology? At Intel, you'll do more than learn, you'll contribute. You'll work side-by-side with industry leaders, gain hands-on experience on meaningful projects, and help solve real-world challenges that affect billions of people worldwide. From advanced semiconductor manufacturing to AI-powered innovations, you'll play a role in technologies that redefine how the world works, learns, and connects. What makes Intel unique is the opportunity to see the entire technology lifecycle in action. Unlike many companies where hardware, software, and manufacturing operate separately, Intel brings them together, giving you exposure to everything from research and design to advanced semiconductor manufacturing and global deployment. Whether you're tackling engineering challenges, improving operations, analyzing data, advancing next-generation technologies, or supporting global customers, you'll build valuable skills while contributing to innovations that enable a more sustainable and connected future. Bring your curiosity, make an impact, and see where your ideas can take you at Intel. What You'll Do Build technologies that power the future of computing. As a Software Engineering Intern, you'll work on meaningful projects while building technical expertise that accelerates your professional growth. Design, develop, test, debug, and improve software that enables Intel products and platforms. Support code review, high-level design, scripting, automation, and validation activities. Contribute to open, secure software platforms and tools. Apply programming, data, and systems thinking to solve real engineering challenges. Collaborate with hardware, systems, product, and software teams. Develop technical depth, tackle complex challenges, and contribute from day one while learning alongside experienced Intel engineers and technical leaders. Where Your Career Could Take You Potential opportunity areas include: AI Frameworks Engineer Cloud Software Development Engineer Firmware Development Engineer GPU Software Development Engineer Middleware Development Engineer Software Application Development Engineer Software Research Engineer/Scientist System Software Development Engineer System Software Validation Engineer Build technical expertise, explore new possibilities, and help shape what is next in computing and semiconductor technology. Qualifications: Must possess the minimum qualifications below to be initially considered for this position. Experience may be gained through coursework, research, academic projects, internships, laboratory work, student organizations, leadership experiences, or other relevant experiences. Minimum Qualifications Currently pursuing a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Data Science, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics, or a related STEM field. 3+ months of experience gained through coursework, academic projects, research, internships, co-ops, student organizations, assistantships, or other relevant technical experiences. Preferred Qualifications GPA of 3.0 or higher preferred. Experience or interest in design, architecture, programming, scripting, data analysis, automation, modeling, simulation, validation, or debugging. Hands-on coursework, research, projects, or internship experience related to the role family. Strong problem-solving, communication, collaboration, and ability to work in team-based environments. Location & Immigration Information As you consider the opportunity to join Intel, relocation assistance may be available based on eligibility, current location, and the specifics of the role. Job location and modality of work will be communicated at time of offer. This position is not available in the state of Colorado. This position is not eligible for employment-based visa/immigration sponsorship. Intel sponsors individuals for employment-based visas for positions where we experience a shortage of U.S. workers. These skills shortage roles are typically STEM positions requiring a Master's or PhD degree, or a Bachelor's degree with at least three years of post-degree related job experience. This position does not qualify for Intel sponsorship because it is either a non-STEM position, or a STEM position that only requires a Bachelor's degree and less than three years' experience. For information on Intel's immigration sponsorship guidelines, please see: https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/jobs/hiring.html Additional Information This application is for internship starts in Spring and Summer 2027, with consideration also given to candidates interested in year-long internship or co-op opportunities. You must be available to start work during this time frame. Life at Intel Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, Oregon, Hillsboro Additional Locations: US, Arizona, Phoenix, US, California, Folsom, US, California, Santa Clara, US, Texas, Austin Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $95,698.00-95,702.00 USD (Hourly Role) The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will require an on-site presence. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process71:T1b2d,Job Details: Job Description: What if your next project helped power the future of technology? At Intel, you'll do more than learn, you'll contribute. You'll work side-by-side with industry leaders, gain hands-on experience on meaningful projects, and help solve real-world challenges that affect billions of people worldwide. From advanced semiconductor manufacturing to AI-powered innovations, you'll play a role in technologies that redefine how the world works, learns, and connects. What makes Intel unique is the opportunity to see the entire technology lifecycle in action. Unlike many companies where hardware, software, and manufacturing operate separately, Intel brings them together, giving you exposure to everything from research and design to advanced semiconductor manufacturing and global deployment. Whether you're tackling engineering challenges, improving operations, analyzing data, advancing next-generation technologies, or supporting global customers, you'll build valuable skills while contributing to innovations that enable a more sustainable and connected future. Bring your curiosity, make an impact, and see where your ideas can take you at Intel. What You'll Do Build technologies that power the future of computing. As a Software Engineering Intern, you'll work on meaningful projects while building technical expertise that accelerates your professional growth. Design, develop, test, debug, and improve software that enables Intel products and platforms. Support code review, high-level design, scripting, automation, and validation activities. Contribute to open, secure software platforms and tools. Apply programming, data, and systems thinking to solve real engineering challenges. Collaborate with hardware, systems, product, and software teams. Develop technical depth, tackle complex challenges, and contribute from day one while learning alongside experienced Intel engineers and technical leaders. Where Your Career Could Take You Potential opportunity areas include: AI Frameworks Engineer Cloud Software Development Engineer Firmware Development Engineer GPU Software Development Engineer Middleware Development Engineer Software Application Development Engineer Software Research Engineer/Scientist System Software Development Engineer System Software Validation Engineer Build technical expertise, explore new possibilities, and help shape what is next in computing and semiconductor technology. Qualifications: Must possess the minimum qualifications below to be initially considered for this position. Experience may be gained through coursework, research, academic projects, internships, laboratory work, student organizations, leadership experiences, or other relevant experiences. Minimum Qualifications Currently pursuing a Master’s degree or PhD in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Data Science, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics, or a related STEM field. 3+ months of experience gained through coursework, academic projects, research, internships, co-ops, student organizations, assistantships, or other relevant technical experiences. Preferred Qualifications GPA of 3.0 or higher preferred. Experience or interest in design, architecture, programming, scripting, data analysis, automation, modeling, simulation, validation, or debugging. Hands-on coursework, research, projects, or internship experience related to the role family. Strong problem-solving, communication, collaboration, and ability to work in team-based environments. Location & Immigration Information As you consider the opportunity to join Intel, relocation assistance may be available based on eligibility, current location, and the specifics of the role. Job location and modality of work will be communicated at time of offer. This position is not available in the state of Colorado. This position is not eligible for employment-based visa/immigration sponsorship. Intel sponsors individuals for employment-based visas for positions where we experience a shortage of U.S. workers. These skills shortage roles are typically STEM positions requiring a Master's or PhD degree, or a Bachelor's degree with at least three years of post-degree related job experience. This position does not qualify for Intel sponsorship because it is either a non-STEM position, or a STEM position that only requires a Bachelor's degree and less than three years' experience. For information on Intel's immigration sponsorship guidelines, please see: https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/jobs/hiring.html Additional Information This application is for internship starts in Spring and Summer 2027, with consideration also given to candidates interested in year-long internship or co-op opportunities. You must be available to start work during this time frame. Life at Intel Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, Oregon, Hillsboro Additional Locations: US, Arizona, Phoenix, US, California, Folsom, US, California, Santa Clara, US, Texas, Austin Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $111,098.00-111,102.00 USD The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will require an on-site presence. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process72:T15de,Overview Come build community, explore your passions and do your best work at Microsoft with thousands of University interns from every corner of the world. This opportunity will allow you to bring your aspirations, talent, potential - and excitement for the journey ahead. Microsoft Research Asia (MSRA) is now poised to extend roles into Singapore and looking for talents in Foundation Model innovations (LLM, vision, multi-modality, etc.), Deep Learning and Reinforcement Learning Foundation, Industrial AI application (e.g., AI for Healthcare, Embodied AI and Robotics, etc.). As a Research Intern, you will conduct research and leads research collaborations that yield new insights, theories, analyses, data, algorithms, and/or prototypes that advance the state-of-the-art of computer science and engineering, as well as general scientific knowledge. You will formulate research problems in an area of study and initiates the design, development, execution and implementation of a research agenda to further academic knowledge and close identified gaps and provide expertise to product or business groups and may create long-term business opportunities through research outcomes, but not responsible for addressing immediate product needs or demonstrating a clear path to product. We are seeking candidates excelling in deep thinking research aspects and fast-paced entrepreneurial execution. The ideal candidates should have the ability to work with researchers and product team colleagues at Microsoft to push forward research agendas, being a team player in a collaborative and supportive environment with outstanding programming skills. We are seeking candidates with research skills and technical backgrounds. Applicants should demonstrate depth of knowledge in Natural Language Understanding, Computer Vision, Machine Learning, Algorithmic Foundations of Optimization, Data Mining or Machine Intelligence (Artificial Intelligence) as well as strong academia experience in data processing, experimentation, and modeling. Microsoft works with the world's best researchers, moving with the current of technology as it rapidly evolves. Together we share the motivation to seek innovative solutions to the world's toughest challenges and improve the lives of people everywhere. Microsoft provides a nurturing environment to support passionate researchers and engineers in AI technology innovation. Microsoft's mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate to empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond. Responsibilities Analyze and improve performance of advanced algorithms on large-scale datasets and cutting-edge research in machine intelligence and machine learning applications. Implement prototypes of scalable systems in AI applications. Collaborate closely with team members on developing systems from prototyping to production level. Develop solutions for real world, large-scale problems. Under instruction from others, research new tools, technologies, and methods being used in the research community and contribute your knowledge around a specialized tool/method to support planning for research projects. Gain an understanding of their research as it relates to Microsoft products or business groups and assists in technology transfer attempts, participating on standards organizations, filing patents, authoring white papers, developing or maintaining tools/services for internal Microsoft use, or consulting for product or business groups. Qualifications Required Qualifications: Currently pursuing a Bachelor's, Master's, or PhD degree in a relevant field (e.g., Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics, or related disciplines). Must have at least one additional quarter/semester of school remaining following the completion of the internship. Preferred Qualifications: Proficiency in one or more general-purpose programming languages, particularly Python. Familiarity with deep learning frameworks such as PyTorch, TensorFlow, or similar toolkits. Hands-on experience with training and/or inference of large-scale models, including Large Language Models (LLMs) and/or Vision-Language Models (VLMs) and/or diffusion models. Demonstrated academic experience, including publications in top-tier conferences or journals, in one or more of the following areas: Natural Language Understanding Computer Vision Machine Learning and Deep Learning Reinforcement Learning Large Language Model or Generative AI This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.73:T735,The Applied Data Solutions Program (ADSP) Internship is your opportunity to bring your technical education background to life by solving real-world problems and developing data-driven solutions. Immersed in a culture of collaboration and innovation, you'll work directly with Apple's extensive data infrastructure and analytics platforms, tackling challenges designed to engage your curiosity and expand your skillset. You'll have close mentorship to support your growth in both technical expertise and professional skills, and your work will have a direct and measurable impact. If you're a student who is curious, passionate about data and analytics, and loves solving complex problems, we'd love to hear from you. To express interest in the Applied Data Solutions Program (ADSP) Summer 2027 Internship, please provide both your: • Resume • Unofficial transcript The ADSP Internship spans multiple teams, with opportunities across machine learning engineering, software engineering, data science, and AI development. While the team you're placed on will be determined by your background and technical focus, you can expect to: • Work side-by-side with Software Engineers, Machine Learning Engineers, and Data Scientists to design, build, and deploy scalable, production-grade systems and tools. • Apply data analysis, predictive modeling, and generative AI techniques to build and maintain end-to-end operational solutions. • Work with large, complex data sets to drive solutions through analytical models and translate data into impactful, actionable insights. • Collaborate with technical partners to implement robust real-time and batch decisioning pipelines in production environments. • Explore and contribute to emerging AI/ML capabilities, including large language model (LLM) integration and applied machine intelligence.74:T735,The Applied Data Solutions Program (ADSP) Internship is your opportunity to bring your technical education background to life by solving real-world problems and developing data-driven solutions. Immersed in a culture of collaboration and innovation, you'll work directly with Apple's extensive data infrastructure and analytics platforms, tackling challenges designed to engage your curiosity and expand your skillset. You'll have close mentorship to support your growth in both technical expertise and professional skills, and your work will have a direct and measurable impact. If you're a student who is curious, passionate about data and analytics, and loves solving complex problems, we'd love to hear from you. To express interest in the Applied Data Solutions Program (ADSP) Summer 2027 Internship, please provide both your: • Resume • Unofficial transcript The ADSP Internship spans multiple teams, with opportunities across machine learning engineering, software engineering, data science, and AI development. While the team you're placed on will be determined by your background and technical focus, you can expect to: • Work side-by-side with Software Engineers, Machine Learning Engineers, and Data Scientists to design, build, and deploy scalable, production-grade systems and tools. • Apply data analysis, predictive modeling, and generative AI techniques to build and maintain end-to-end operational solutions. • Work with large, complex data sets to drive solutions through analytical models and translate data into impactful, actionable insights. • Collaborate with technical partners to implement robust real-time and batch decisioning pipelines in production environments. • Explore and contribute to emerging AI/ML capabilities, including large language model (LLM) integration and applied machine intelligence.75:Tcc1,Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Multifaceted, amazing people and inspiring, innovative technologies are the norm here. The people who work here have reinvented entire industries with all Apple Hardware products. The same passion for innovation that goes into our products also applies to our practices strengthening our commitment to leave the world better than we found it. Join us to help deliver the next groundbreaking Apple product! Do you love working on challenges that no one has solved yet? As a member of our dynamic group, you will have the unique and rewarding opportunity to craft upcoming products that will delight and inspire millions of Apple’s customers every single day. The UK GPU team works on IPs that are part of Apple’s world-class GPU designs for Apple Silicon SoCs. We are seeking highly motivated, innovative and confident individuals to join us, across the following areas: Unit Design Verification, Top Design Verification and Emulation & Driver Live. You will be at the centre of a chip design effort working with all disciplines, with a critical impact on getting high performant products to millions of Apple customers efficiently. Locations: These internships can be based in London Bishopsgate, St Albans or Cambridge. You may express your location preferences if selected for interview. Start dates: Winter 2026 or Spring / Summer 2027. Key Dates: Applications will close by mid-October. Initial interviews will take place in October, with final round interviews in November. We will be hiring for the below internships across the available start dates: Winter 2026 or Spring / Summer 2027. Design Verification: You'll be part of creating comprehensive verification plans and contributing to test bench development, from stimulating real-world scenarios to ensuring designs are robust and complete. Collaborating closely with our expert architects and designers, you'll play a crucial role in identifying and addressing issues early in the design cycle. With hands-on mentorship, you'll not only implement key components of our verification flows but also sharpen your debugging skills as you tackle complex testbench and design challenges. This is a great opportunity to build expertise and make a real impact while working alongside some of the brightest minds in the industry. Emulation: As a Graphics Emulation Intern, you'll develop skills in a range of areas that involve accelerated platforms such as emulation: build GPU models, run cool intensive graphics workloads on those models, debug & resolve potential issues, and contribute to the infrastructure workflow. On top of that, you'll be exposed to the automation portal that pieces all of the previously mentioned areas together using a modern web user interface coupled with a sophisticated backend. Our team partners with teams that use emulation for functional, performance and power verification, through that modern portal - it’s a fantastic opportunity to explore engaging with different teams and build up on communication and interpersonal skills.76:Tcc1,Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Multifaceted, amazing people and inspiring, innovative technologies are the norm here. The people who work here have reinvented entire industries with all Apple Hardware products. The same passion for innovation that goes into our products also applies to our practices strengthening our commitment to leave the world better than we found it. Join us to help deliver the next groundbreaking Apple product! Do you love working on challenges that no one has solved yet? As a member of our dynamic group, you will have the unique and rewarding opportunity to craft upcoming products that will delight and inspire millions of Apple’s customers every single day. The UK GPU team works on IPs that are part of Apple’s world-class GPU designs for Apple Silicon SoCs. We are seeking highly motivated, innovative and confident individuals to join us, across the following areas: Unit Design Verification, Top Design Verification and Emulation & Driver Live. You will be at the centre of a chip design effort working with all disciplines, with a critical impact on getting high performant products to millions of Apple customers efficiently. Locations: These internships can be based in London Bishopsgate, St Albans or Cambridge. You may express your location preferences if selected for interview. Start dates: Winter 2026 or Spring / Summer 2027. Key Dates: Applications will close by mid-October. Initial interviews will take place in October, with final round interviews in November. We will be hiring for the below internships across the available start dates: Winter 2026 or Spring / Summer 2027. Design Verification: You'll be part of creating comprehensive verification plans and contributing to test bench development, from stimulating real-world scenarios to ensuring designs are robust and complete. Collaborating closely with our expert architects and designers, you'll play a crucial role in identifying and addressing issues early in the design cycle. With hands-on mentorship, you'll not only implement key components of our verification flows but also sharpen your debugging skills as you tackle complex testbench and design challenges. This is a great opportunity to build expertise and make a real impact while working alongside some of the brightest minds in the industry. Emulation: As a Graphics Emulation Intern, you'll develop skills in a range of areas that involve accelerated platforms such as emulation: build GPU models, run cool intensive graphics workloads on those models, debug & resolve potential issues, and contribute to the infrastructure workflow. On top of that, you'll be exposed to the automation portal that pieces all of the previously mentioned areas together using a modern web user interface coupled with a sophisticated backend. Our team partners with teams that use emulation for functional, performance and power verification, through that modern portal - it’s a fantastic opportunity to explore engaging with different teams and build up on communication and interpersonal skills.77:Tcc1,Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Multifaceted, amazing people and inspiring, innovative technologies are the norm here. The people who work here have reinvented entire industries with all Apple Hardware products. The same passion for innovation that goes into our products also applies to our practices strengthening our commitment to leave the world better than we found it. Join us to help deliver the next groundbreaking Apple product! Do you love working on challenges that no one has solved yet? As a member of our dynamic group, you will have the unique and rewarding opportunity to craft upcoming products that will delight and inspire millions of Apple’s customers every single day. The UK GPU team works on IPs that are part of Apple’s world-class GPU designs for Apple Silicon SoCs. We are seeking highly motivated, innovative and confident individuals to join us, across the following areas: Unit Design Verification, Top Design Verification and Emulation & Driver Live. You will be at the centre of a chip design effort working with all disciplines, with a critical impact on getting high performant products to millions of Apple customers efficiently. Locations: These internships can be based in London Bishopsgate, St Albans or Cambridge. You may express your location preferences if selected for interview. Start dates: Winter 2026 or Spring / Summer 2027. Key Dates: Applications will close by mid-October. Initial interviews will take place in October, with final round interviews in November. We will be hiring for the below internships across the available start dates: Winter 2026 or Spring / Summer 2027. Design Verification: You'll be part of creating comprehensive verification plans and contributing to test bench development, from stimulating real-world scenarios to ensuring designs are robust and complete. Collaborating closely with our expert architects and designers, you'll play a crucial role in identifying and addressing issues early in the design cycle. With hands-on mentorship, you'll not only implement key components of our verification flows but also sharpen your debugging skills as you tackle complex testbench and design challenges. This is a great opportunity to build expertise and make a real impact while working alongside some of the brightest minds in the industry. Emulation: As a Graphics Emulation Intern, you'll develop skills in a range of areas that involve accelerated platforms such as emulation: build GPU models, run cool intensive graphics workloads on those models, debug & resolve potential issues, and contribute to the infrastructure workflow. On top of that, you'll be exposed to the automation portal that pieces all of the previously mentioned areas together using a modern web user interface coupled with a sophisticated backend. Our team partners with teams that use emulation for functional, performance and power verification, through that modern portal - it’s a fantastic opportunity to explore engaging with different teams and build up on communication and interpersonal skills.78:Tf2e,Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Multifaceted, amazing people and inspiring, innovative technologies are the norm here. The people who work here have reinvented entire industries with all Apple Hardware products. The same passion for innovation that goes into our products also applies to our practices strengthening our commitment to leave the world better than we found it. Join us to help deliver the next groundbreaking Apple product! Do you love working on challenges that no one has solved yet? As a member of our dynamic group, you will have the unique and rewarding opportunity to craft upcoming products that will delight and inspire millions of Apple’s customers every single day. The UK GPU team works on IPs that are part of Apple’s world-class GPU designs for Apple Silicon SoCs. We are seeking highly motivated, innovative and confident individuals to join us, across the following areas: RTL Design. RTL Power Optimisation and Physical Design. You will be at the centre of a chip design effort working with all disciplines, with a critical impact on getting high performant products to millions of Apple customers efficiently. Locations: These internships can be based in London Bishopsgate, St Albans or Cambridge. You may express your location preferences if selected for interview. Start dates: Winter 2026 or Spring / Summer 2027. Key Dates: Applications will close by mid-October. Initial interviews will take place in October, with final round interviews in November. We are hiring for the below internships in the academic year 2026/2027. RTL Design: You will assist with delivering high quality IP in order to meet performance, feature, timing, area and power goals. You will have the opportunity to collaborate with Design Engineers, as well as work alongside our platform architecture, functional verification and physical design teams that are responsible for our GPU products. Your designs will need to balance energy efficiency and area constraints with project schedule and maintainability. RTL Power Optimisation: Join us as a Power Intern and play a pivotal role in shaping cutting-edge IP technology. In this dynamic internship, you'll dive deep into the power estimation/optimisation of next-generation silicon designs. Your responsibilities will include analysing and optimising power takedown strategies, setting targets for future IP, and generating insightful power data to drive critical decisions. You'll also have the exciting opportunity to innovate and enhance methodologies for power data extraction and reporting, making meaningful contributions to the efficiency and performance of our products. Collaborate with top-tier engineers, expand your technical expertise, and gain hands-on experience in the fast-evolving world of silicon hardware. Physical Design: As an intern you will join the GPU PD team, working on the physical design of new Apple products and learning how a modern ASIC design flow works. With mentorship, you will work through all the aspects of physical design from the floorplanning of blocks, placement and routing. You will partner with engineers to identify metrics and analyse results, help write scripts to automate flows and help to improve these key metrics. You will utilise the latest technologies and learn from experienced engineers. Partnering with the RTL Design teams will be key to understand chip architecture and how physical design needs to work with these teams to achieve world beating results. Are you a confident problem solver who thrives under pressure to find new, creative solutions? Are you ready to help chart the future of Apple's ecosystem? If so, we are excited to hear from you!79:Tf2e,Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Multifaceted, amazing people and inspiring, innovative technologies are the norm here. The people who work here have reinvented entire industries with all Apple Hardware products. The same passion for innovation that goes into our products also applies to our practices strengthening our commitment to leave the world better than we found it. Join us to help deliver the next groundbreaking Apple product! Do you love working on challenges that no one has solved yet? As a member of our dynamic group, you will have the unique and rewarding opportunity to craft upcoming products that will delight and inspire millions of Apple’s customers every single day. The UK GPU team works on IPs that are part of Apple’s world-class GPU designs for Apple Silicon SoCs. We are seeking highly motivated, innovative and confident individuals to join us, across the following areas: RTL Design. RTL Power Optimisation and Physical Design. You will be at the centre of a chip design effort working with all disciplines, with a critical impact on getting high performant products to millions of Apple customers efficiently. Locations: These internships can be based in London Bishopsgate, St Albans or Cambridge. You may express your location preferences if selected for interview. Start dates: Winter 2026 or Spring / Summer 2027. Key Dates: Applications will close by mid-October. Initial interviews will take place in October, with final round interviews in November. We are hiring for the below internships in the academic year 2026/2027. RTL Design: You will assist with delivering high quality IP in order to meet performance, feature, timing, area and power goals. You will have the opportunity to collaborate with Design Engineers, as well as work alongside our platform architecture, functional verification and physical design teams that are responsible for our GPU products. Your designs will need to balance energy efficiency and area constraints with project schedule and maintainability. RTL Power Optimisation: Join us as a Power Intern and play a pivotal role in shaping cutting-edge IP technology. In this dynamic internship, you'll dive deep into the power estimation/optimisation of next-generation silicon designs. Your responsibilities will include analysing and optimising power takedown strategies, setting targets for future IP, and generating insightful power data to drive critical decisions. You'll also have the exciting opportunity to innovate and enhance methodologies for power data extraction and reporting, making meaningful contributions to the efficiency and performance of our products. Collaborate with top-tier engineers, expand your technical expertise, and gain hands-on experience in the fast-evolving world of silicon hardware. Physical Design: As an intern you will join the GPU PD team, working on the physical design of new Apple products and learning how a modern ASIC design flow works. With mentorship, you will work through all the aspects of physical design from the floorplanning of blocks, placement and routing. You will partner with engineers to identify metrics and analyse results, help write scripts to automate flows and help to improve these key metrics. You will utilise the latest technologies and learn from experienced engineers. Partnering with the RTL Design teams will be key to understand chip architecture and how physical design needs to work with these teams to achieve world beating results. Are you a confident problem solver who thrives under pressure to find new, creative solutions? Are you ready to help chart the future of Apple's ecosystem? If so, we are excited to hear from you!7a:Tf2e,Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Multifaceted, amazing people and inspiring, innovative technologies are the norm here. The people who work here have reinvented entire industries with all Apple Hardware products. The same passion for innovation that goes into our products also applies to our practices strengthening our commitment to leave the world better than we found it. Join us to help deliver the next groundbreaking Apple product! Do you love working on challenges that no one has solved yet? As a member of our dynamic group, you will have the unique and rewarding opportunity to craft upcoming products that will delight and inspire millions of Apple’s customers every single day. The UK GPU team works on IPs that are part of Apple’s world-class GPU designs for Apple Silicon SoCs. We are seeking highly motivated, innovative and confident individuals to join us, across the following areas: RTL Design. RTL Power Optimisation and Physical Design. You will be at the centre of a chip design effort working with all disciplines, with a critical impact on getting high performant products to millions of Apple customers efficiently. Locations: These internships can be based in London Bishopsgate, St Albans or Cambridge. You may express your location preferences if selected for interview. Start dates: Winter 2026 or Spring / Summer 2027. Key Dates: Applications will close by mid-October. Initial interviews will take place in October, with final round interviews in November. We are hiring for the below internships in the academic year 2026/2027. RTL Design: You will assist with delivering high quality IP in order to meet performance, feature, timing, area and power goals. You will have the opportunity to collaborate with Design Engineers, as well as work alongside our platform architecture, functional verification and physical design teams that are responsible for our GPU products. Your designs will need to balance energy efficiency and area constraints with project schedule and maintainability. RTL Power Optimisation: Join us as a Power Intern and play a pivotal role in shaping cutting-edge IP technology. In this dynamic internship, you'll dive deep into the power estimation/optimisation of next-generation silicon designs. Your responsibilities will include analysing and optimising power takedown strategies, setting targets for future IP, and generating insightful power data to drive critical decisions. You'll also have the exciting opportunity to innovate and enhance methodologies for power data extraction and reporting, making meaningful contributions to the efficiency and performance of our products. Collaborate with top-tier engineers, expand your technical expertise, and gain hands-on experience in the fast-evolving world of silicon hardware. Physical Design: As an intern you will join the GPU PD team, working on the physical design of new Apple products and learning how a modern ASIC design flow works. With mentorship, you will work through all the aspects of physical design from the floorplanning of blocks, placement and routing. You will partner with engineers to identify metrics and analyse results, help write scripts to automate flows and help to improve these key metrics. You will utilise the latest technologies and learn from experienced engineers. Partnering with the RTL Design teams will be key to understand chip architecture and how physical design needs to work with these teams to achieve world beating results. Are you a confident problem solver who thrives under pressure to find new, creative solutions? Are you ready to help chart the future of Apple's ecosystem? If so, we are excited to hear from you!7b:T1675,At Netflix, our mission is to entertain the world. Together, we are writing the next episode - pushing the boundaries of storytelling, global fandom and making the unimaginable a reality. We are a dream team obsessed with the uncomfortable excitement of discovering what happens when you merge creativity, intuition and cutting-edge technology. Come be a part of what’s next. The Role Gaussian Splatting (GS) is a 3D/4D scene reconstruction technique that enables photorealistic novel-view synthesis with low rendering complexity, making it attractive for deployment on consumer devices such as TVs, streaming sticks, phones, and laptops. Realizing this vision requires addressing several open technical challenges, such as a significant reduction in model training/encoding time and more efficient compression. As part of the Video Algorithms team during this 24-week Fall internship, you will help us investigate the potential of GS as a future streaming format and explore possible improvements, with a focus on building towards a practical system. During the internship, you will: * Explore GS model compression strategies using open datasets * Contribute to early thinking on additional dataset needs for representative scenes. * Characterize trade-offs among GS model size, training time, and rendered quality, and quantify the gap relative to streaming-rate targets * Identify and experiment with strategies to reduce training/encoding time and/or to improve GS compression efficiency * Design and implement a proof-of-concept (PoC) that showcases GS-based rendering on content of interest Who Are You? * Currently pursuing a PhD in a technical field such as Computer Science, Engineering, Math, or Statistics, with an expected graduation date in June 2027 or later. * Thrives working in complex, dynamic, and fast-moving environments. * Strong software development skills and feels comfortable with software engineering best practices (e.g., version control, testing, code review, etc.). * Successful track record in research of 3D/4D scene reconstruction, novel-view synthesis, Gaussian Splatting or NeRF, differentiable rendering, neural graphics, or 3D computer vision. * Solid understanding of machine learning and deep learning concepts, with hands-on experience training and evaluating ML models. * Able to program fluently in Python Nice to Have: * Familiarity with real-time rendering and GPU programming (CUDA, WebGL, graphics pipelines). * Background in video compression, streaming systems, or codec standards such as HEVC and AV1. * Involvement in open-source multimedia or graphics projects. * Experience with large-scale distributed systems and cloud computing. To learn more about our team, check out some of our tech blogs: * https://netflixtechblog.com/av1-now-powering-30-of-netflix-streaming-02f592242d80 * https://netflixtechblog.com/av1-scale-film-grain-synthesis-the-awakening-ee09cfdff40b * https://netflixtechblog.com/for-your-eyes-only-improving-netflix-video-quality-with-neural-networks-5b8d032da09c * https://netflixtechblog.com/toward-a-practical-perceptual-video-quality-metric-653f208b9652 * https://netflixtechblog.com/per-title-encode-optimization-7e99442b62a2 Internships at Netflix At Netflix, we offer a personalized experience for interns, and our aim is to mimic what it is like to actually work here. We match qualified interns with projects and groups based on interests and skill sets, and fully embed interns within those groups for the summer. Netflix is a unique place to work and we live by our values, so it's worth learning more about our culture. Internships are paid and are a minimum of 12 weeks,. Conditions permitting, our summer internships will be located in our Los Gatos, CA office, or in our Los Angeles, CA office, depending on the team. At Netflix, we carefully consider a wide range of compensation factors to determine the Intern top of market. We rely on market indicators to determine compensation and consider your specific job, skills, and experience to get it right. These considerations can cause your compensation to vary and will also be dependent on your location. The overall market range for Netflix Internships is typically $40/hour - $110/hour. This market range is based on total compensation (vs. only base salary), which is in line with our compensation philosophy. Netflix is a unique culture and environment. Learn more here. Netflix provides comprehensive benefits including Health Plans, Mental Health support, a 401(k) Retirement Plan with employer match, Stock Option Program, Disability Programs, Health Savings and Flexible Spending Accounts, Family-forming benefits, and Life and Serious Injury Benefits. We also offer paid leave of absence programs. Full-time hourly employees accrue 35 days annually for paid time off to be used for vacation, holidays, and sick paid time off. Full-time salaried employees are immediately entitled to flexible time off. See more details about our Benefits here. Netflix is a unique culture and environment. Learn more here. Inclusion is a Netflix value and we strive to host a meaningful interview experience for all candidates. If you want an accommodation/adjustment for a disability or any other reason during the hiring process, please send a request to your recruiting partner. We are an equal-opportunity employer and celebrate diversity, recognizing that diversity builds stronger teams. We approach diversity and inclusion seriously and thoughtfully. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, ancestry, national origin, caste, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, age, disability, medical condition, pregnancy, genetic makeup, marital status, or military service.7c:T1081,Overview Come build community, explore your passions and do your best work at Microsoft with thousands of University interns from every corner of the world. This opportunity will allow you to bring your aspirations, talent, potential and excitement for the journey ahead. ​ As a Supply Chain Program Management Intern, you will build support plans and design service experiences for new products, programs, or offerings. You will critically review new support scenarios to identify potential incidents/risks and their mitigation; determining if new plans are necessary to support offerings and opportunities or if plans should be removed. You will analyze experience feedback and monitor key performance indicators to improve the customer experience, increase return on investment, and identify new opportunities. ​ At Microsoft, Interns work on real-world projects in collaboration with teams across the world, while having fun along the way. You’ll be empowered to build community, explore your passions and achieve your goals. This is your chance to bring your solutions and ideas to life while working on cutting-edge technology. ​ Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate to empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond. ​ Responsibilities Executes forward or reverse supply plans provided. Performs tactical elements of supply plan, including understanding the part level gaps between demand and supply. Manages programs with low complexity and/or receives direct guidance. ​ Uses tools and processes for managing supply and driving improvements to avoid additional labor needs, while gaining a foundational understanding of these tools and processes. ​ Conducts analysis and gathers information for "what-if" scenarios impacting supply and demand management for forward and reverse planning. ​ Reworks/refurbishes finished goods, executing mitigation solutions for goods, and redeploys them in another area, when applicable. ​ Assists with the review of staffing, capacity, bills of materials, and change orders. Tracks metrics related to operational performance of suppliers. ​ Qualifications Required Qualifications: Currently pursuing Bachelor's Degree in Engineering, Industrial Engineering, Supply Chain/Operations Management, Supply Chain Analytics, or related field. ​ Must have at least one additional semester/term of school remaining following the completion of the internship. ​ #EiP The base pay range for this internship is USD $4,700.00 - $8,350.00 per month. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $6,330.00 - $9,490.00 per month. Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other compensation. Find additional benefits and pay information here: https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-intern-pay Microsoft accepts applications and processes offers for these roles on an ongoing basis throughout the academic calendar (September - April) This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.7d:T77f,Do you want to help build some of the largest and most consequential enterprise and customer technology systems in the world? Join Apple’s Information Systems and Technology (IS&T) organization. IS&T is the engine behind everything Apple does for customers and for the people who build for them. It’s Apple’s central nervous system. Supporting 2.5 billion active Apple devices, processing billions of secure transactions, and keeping the technology that defines modern life running flawlessly, IS&T makes the impossible feel effortless.Do you love building solutions to handle global complexity and immense scale? Imagine what you could do here. The internship provides opportunities across many different teams, ranging from special projects for new business initiatives to operations in a rapidly growing and dynamic setting. Interns benefit from a combination of training and on-the-job work experience. We promote innovation and new technology to further improve our creative output. Dynamic, smart people and inspiring, innovative technologies are the norm here. You will be part of building an extraordinary team. We're looking for a talented and passionate person to join this amazing team. If you feel this is you, we'd love to hear from you. This internship is located in Singapore. Potential Roles Include: · Software Engineering (Application Development, Front-end, Back-end, Full-stack) · Engineering Project Management · Technical Project Management · Quality Engineering · Cloud Engineering · Data Engineering · Site Reliability Engineering Potential Teams You Could Join: · HCI & User Experience · Machine Learning · Business Analytics · Mobile Applications · SAP ERP, Finance, Logistics · Governance & Planning · Retail Systems · Sales and Marketing · Customer Support · Product Engineering · HR and Workforce Management · Collaboration Tools · Entertainment and Studio Systems7e:T7ce,Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Dynamic, smart people and inspiring, innovative technologies are the norm here. The people who work here have reinvented entire industries with all Apple Hardware products powered by Apple Silicon. The same passion for innovation that goes into our products also applies to our practices strengthening our commitment to leave the world better than we found it. Join us to help deliver the next groundbreaking Apple product. Do you have experience being at the center of a System-on-a-chip (SoC) design verification effort collaborating with design? Are you passionate about changing the world? We have a critical impact on getting high quality functional products to millions of customers quickly and we are hiring all levels from junior to senior roles. As a formal verification architect leading the complete formal verification for single or multiple design blocks and IP’s (CPU, Cellular and Connectivity IP, Audio and Image Processing IP, Neural Networks IP, Memory/DMA Controller, Security IP, Peripheral IP, Interconnects, Power management subsystems, etc.), you will be responsible for: Working with Apple's world-class design engineers to develop a formal micro-architecture specification. Formalizing the refinement from architecture to micro-architecture. Developing comprehensive formal verification test plan. Proving properties of the design, finding design bugs, and working closely with design teams to help improve the micro-architecture. Crafting novel and creative solutions for verifying complex design micro-architectures. Developing and implementing re-usable and optimized formal models and verification code base. Architecting correct-by-construction design methodologies for improved formal verification efficiency and productivity.7f:T7ce,Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Dynamic, smart people and inspiring, innovative technologies are the norm here. The people who work here have reinvented entire industries with all Apple Hardware products powered by Apple Silicon. The same passion for innovation that goes into our products also applies to our practices strengthening our commitment to leave the world better than we found it. Join us to help deliver the next groundbreaking Apple product. Do you have experience being at the center of a System-on-a-chip (SoC) design verification effort collaborating with design? Are you passionate about changing the world? We have a critical impact on getting high quality functional products to millions of customers quickly and we are hiring all levels from junior to senior roles. As a formal verification architect leading the complete formal verification for single or multiple design blocks and IP’s (CPU, Cellular and Connectivity IP, Audio and Image Processing IP, Neural Networks IP, Memory/DMA Controller, Security IP, Peripheral IP, Interconnects, Power management subsystems, etc.), you will be responsible for: Working with Apple's world-class design engineers to develop a formal micro-architecture specification. Formalizing the refinement from architecture to micro-architecture. Developing comprehensive formal verification test plan. Proving properties of the design, finding design bugs, and working closely with design teams to help improve the micro-architecture. Crafting novel and creative solutions for verifying complex design micro-architectures. Developing and implementing re-usable and optimized formal models and verification code base. Architecting correct-by-construction design methodologies for improved formal verification efficiency and productivity.80:T86f,Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Multifaceted, amazing people and inspiring, innovative technologies are the norm here. The people who work here have reinvented entire industries with all Apple Hardware products. The same passion for innovation that goes into our products also applies to our practices strengthening our commitment to leave the world better than we found it. Join us to help deliver the next groundbreaking Apple product! Do you love working on challenges that no one has solved yet? At Apple, we are pushing the boundary of what is possible to improve the lives of our customers. Do you love crafting elegant solutions to complex problems? Do you enjoy learning how systems work from the big picture down to the smallest detail? As part of the SoC Performance group, you’ll work with a diverse set of cross-functional teams to help architect, optimize, and ship our industry-leading SoCs powering Apple products from iPhone to Apple Watch, iPad, Macs, and more! Apple is an Equal Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities. Apple will not discriminate or retaliate against applicants who inquire about, disclose, or discuss their compensation or that of other applicants. As an intern in the System-on-Chip (SoC) Performance Modelling Team, you will work together with platform architects to create C++ simulations of Apple’s next iPhone/iPad/Mac chips. You will contribute to the model and help analyse new wireless (5G) solutions and related applications, such as augmented reality, to help us deliver the best products to our millions of customers. We are looking for a student who is passionate about developing in C++ and/or Python and brings a solid understanding of computer architecture or complex embedded systems.81:Tb0f,Join us for a unique 12-14 week paid internship that offers personal and professional development, an executive speaker series, and community-building. The Software Developing Internship program will give you an opportunity to work on complex computer science solutions, develop scalable, distributed software systems, and also collaborate on multitudes of smaller projects that have universal appeal.
We offer a range of internships in either Software Developing or Site-Reliability across North America, including the US and Canada. Our recruitment team will determine where you fit best based on your resume.
As a Software Developer Intern, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs. Google is working to advance the state of the art in computing and build the next generation of intelligent systems for all Google products. To achieve this, we work on projects that utilize the latest computer science techniques developed by skilled software developers. Whether we're shaping the future of sustainability, optimizing algorithms, or pioneering AI systems, our teams strive to continuously progress science, advance society, and improve the lives of billions of people.
Software Developer Intern: 
As a key member of a versatile team, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs. We need our developers to be versatile, and enthusiastic in addressing new problems as we continue to push technology forward. You will design, test, deploy and maintain software solutions as you grow and evolve during your internship.
Site Reliability Intern: 
Our developers create, fix, extend and scale the code to keep it working and to harden it against all the bad actors of the internet. We drive reliability and performance on a massive scale. You will work on software development projects to keep important business-critical systems up and running from code-level troubleshooting of traffic anomalies to maintenance of our most cutting-edge services, monitoring and alerts to building new automation infrastructure.
Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to address some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
Canada: $120000 (CAD) + 0% bonus target
Learn more about benefits at Google.
82:T647,Join us for a full-time, 12-14 week paid internship that offers personal and professional development, an executive speaker series, and community-building. Research happens across Google everyday, in many different teams. Our research has already impacted user-facing services across Google, including Search, Maps, and Google Now, and is central to the success of Google Cloud and our planet-scale computing, storage, and networking infrastructure.
Research Interns work closely with developers to discover, invent, and build at the largest scale. From creating experiments and prototyping implementations to designing architectures, Research Interns work on challenges in artificial intelligence, machine perception, data mining, machine learning, natural language understanding, privacy, computer architecture, networking, operating systems, storage and data management, and more.
Google Research addresses challenges that define the technology of today and tomorrow. From conducting fundamental research to influencing product development, our research teams have the opportunity to impact technology used by billions of people every day. 

Our teams aspire to make discoveries that impact everyone, and core to our approach is sharing our research and tools to fuel progress in the field -- we publish regularly in academic journals, release projects as open source, and apply research to Google products.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
Canada: $120000 (CAD) + 0% bonus target
Learn more about benefits at Google. 
83:T647,Join us for a full-time, 12-14 week paid internship that offers personal and professional development, an executive speaker series, and community-building. Research happens across Google everyday, in many different teams. Our research has already impacted user-facing services across Google, including Search, Maps, and Google Now, and is central to the success of Google Cloud and our planet-scale computing, storage, and networking infrastructure.
Research Interns work closely with developers to discover, invent, and build at the largest scale. From creating experiments and prototyping implementations to designing architectures, Research Interns work on challenges in artificial intelligence, machine perception, data mining, machine learning, natural language understanding, privacy, computer architecture, networking, operating systems, storage and data management, and more.
Google Research addresses challenges that define the technology of today and tomorrow. From conducting fundamental research to influencing product development, our research teams have the opportunity to impact technology used by billions of people every day. 

Our teams aspire to make discoveries that impact everyone, and core to our approach is sharing our research and tools to fuel progress in the field -- we publish regularly in academic journals, release projects as open source, and apply research to Google products.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
Canada: $120000 (CAD) + 0% bonus target
Learn more about benefits at Google. 
84:T648,Mandiant has been at the forefront of cybersecurity and cyber threat intelligence since 2004. Our incident responders are on the frontlines of the world’s most complex breaches. We have a deep understanding of existing and emerging threat actors, including their rapidly changing tactics, techniques, and procedures.
We ensure the long-term success of our clients by providing talented, passionate, and specialized security expertise. Our Mandiant Security Consultants partner with clients to evaluate, create, develop, improve, and mature information security operations and programs. By utilizing the latest industry standards and combining experience and knowledge gained from Incident Response, Intelligence, and Managed Defense practices, we are able to develop defense forward information security programs for our clients.
Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to address some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
Canada: $82800 (CAD) + 0% bonus target
Learn more about benefits at Google.
85:T95f,The Student Researcher Program fosters academic collaborations by hiring students onto research projects aligned to company priorities in scientific advancement. The program offers placements on teams across Google, for research, developing, and science roles. As a Student Researcher, you will have the opportunity to participate in research projects focused on developing solutions for real-world, large-scale problems.
Student Researcher projects are exploratory and experiences that drive scientific advancement across a multitude of research areas. Students will work collaboratively on projects that explore innovative research challenges and support the creation of breakthrough technologies.
Projects vary in duration and location based on team and student requirements. It is required that you are located in one of the specific country locations identified for this role for the full duration of the engagement. When you apply, you will be considered for Student Researcher positions across all of Google's research teams including DeepMind, Google Research, Google Cloud and more. This allows us to find the right project match for your skills and interests.
Academic Level: This application is intended for candidates who will be enrolled in a PhD degree program at the time of the engagement and have a demonstrated research focus.
Program Distinction: Unlike the Research Internship, which is a structured seasonal placement, the Student Researcher role offers greater flexibility in weekly time commitment, project duration, and onsite/remote options. Specific work arrangements and engagement timelines are confirmed during the offer stage.
Researchers across Google are working to advance the computing and build the next generation of intelligent systems for all Google products. To achieve this, we invest in foundational research and work on projects that utilize the latest computer science techniques developed by skilled software developers and research scientists. Whether we're shaping the future of sustainability, optimizing algorithms, or pioneering AI systems, our teams strive to continuously progress science, advance society, and improve the lives of billions of people.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
Canada: $120000 (CAD) + 0% bonus target
Learn more about benefits at Google. 
86:T78b,The Student Researcher Program fosters academic collaborations by hiring students onto research projects aligned to company priorities in scientific advancement. The program offers placements on teams across Google, for research, developing, and science roles. As a Student Researcher, you will have the opportunity to participate in research projects focused on developing solutions for real-world, large-scale problems.
Student Researcher projects are exploratory and experiences that drive scientific advancement across a multitude of research areas. Students will work collaboratively on projects that explore innovative research challenges and support the creation of breakthrough technologies.
Projects vary in duration and location based on team and student requirements. It is required that you are located in one of the specific country locations identified for this role for the full duration of the engagement. When you apply, you will be considered for Student Researcher positions across all of Google's research teams including DeepMind, Google Research, Google Cloud and more. This allows us to find the right project match for your skills and interests.
Researchers across Google are working to advance the state of the art in computing and build the next generation of intelligent systems for all Google products. To achieve this, we invest in foundational research and work on projects that utilize the latest computer science techniques developed by skilled software developers and research scientists. Whether we're shaping the future of sustainability, optimizing algorithms, or pioneering AI systems, our teams strive to continuously progress science, advance society, and improve the lives of billions of people.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
Canada: $120000 (CAD) + 0% bonus target
Learn more about benefits at Google.
87:Tabb,The Student Researcher Program fosters academic collaborations by hiring students onto research projects aligned to company priorities in scientific advancement. The program offers placements on teams across Google for research, developing, and science roles. As a Student Researcher, you will have the opportunity to participate in research projects focused on developing solutions for real-world, large-scale problems.
Student Researcher projects are exploratory and experiences that drive scientific advancement across a multitude of research areas. Students will work collaboratively on projects that explore innovative research challenges and support the creation of breakthrough technologies.
Projects vary in duration and location based on team and student requirements. It is required that you are located in one of the specific country locations identified for this role for the full duration of the engagement. When you apply, you will be considered for Student Researcher positions across all of Google's research teams, including DeepMind, Google Research, Google Cloud and more. This allows us to find the right project match for your skills and interests.
Academic Level: While the Student Researcher Program is open to students at all degree levels, the majority of our projects are designed for PhD talent. We actively welcome exceptional researchers pursuing a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science or a related field; however, please note that these opportunities are available in a highly limited capacity and require a demonstrated research focus or a strong publication record.

Program Distinction: Unlike the Research Internship, which is a structured seasonal placement, the Student Researcher role offers greater flexibility in weekly time commitment, project duration, and onsite/remote options. Specific work arrangements and engagement timelines are confirmed during the offer stage.
Researchers across Google are working to advance the computing and build the next generation of intelligent systems for all Google products. To achieve this, we invest in foundational research and work on projects that utilize the latest computer science techniques developed by skilled software developers and research scientists. Whether we're shaping the future of sustainability, optimizing algorithms, or pioneering AI systems, our teams strive to continuously progress science, advance society, and improve the lives of billions of people.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
[Bachelor's degree] Canada: $99000 (CAD) + 0% bonus target
[Master's degree] Canada: $102000 (CAD) + 0% bonus target

Learn more about benefits at Google.
88:T7b2,The Student Researcher Program fosters academic collaborations by hiring students onto research projects aligned to company priorities in scientific advancement. The program offers placements on teams across Google for research, developing, and science roles. As a Student Researcher, you will have the opportunity to participate in research projects focused on developing solutions for real-world, large-scale problems.
Student Researcher projects are exploratory and experiences that drive scientific advancement across a multitude of research areas. Students will work collaboratively on projects that explore innovative research challenges and support the creation of breakthrough technologies.
Projects vary in duration and location based on team and student requirements. It is required that you are located in one of the specific country locations identified for this role for the full duration of the engagement. When you apply, you will be considered for Student Researcher positions across all of Google's research teams, including DeepMind, Google Research, Google Cloud and more. This allows us to find the right project match for your skills and interests.
Researchers across Google are working to advance the state of the art in computing and build the next generation of intelligent systems for all Google products. To achieve this, we invest in foundational research and work on projects that utilize the latest computer science techniques developed by skilled software developers and research scientists. Whether we're shaping the future of sustainability, optimizing algorithms, or pioneering AI systems, our teams strive to continuously progress science, advance society, and improve the lives of billions of people.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
Canada: $99000 (CAD) + 0% bonus target
Canada: $102000 (CAD) + 0% bonus target
Learn more about benefits at Google.
89:T88c,The Student Researcher Program fosters academic collaborations by hiring students onto research projects aligned to company priorities in scientific advancement. The program offers placements on teams across Google, for research, developing, and science roles. As a Student Researcher, you will have the opportunity to participate in research projects focused on developing solutions for real-world, large-scale problems.
Student Researcher projects are exploratory and experiences that drive scientific advancement across a multitude of research areas. Students will work collaboratively on projects that explore innovative research challenges and support the creation of breakthrough technologies.
Projects vary in duration and location based on team and student requirements. It is required that you are located in one of the specific country locations identified for this role for the full duration of the engagement. When you apply, you will be considered for Student Researcher positions across all of Google's research teams including Google DeepMind, Google Research, Google Cloud and more. This allows us to find the right project match for your skills and interests.
Researchers across Google are working to advance the state of the art in computing and build the next generation of intelligent systems for all Google products. To achieve this, we invest in foundational research and work on projects that utilize the latest computer science techniques developed by skilled software developers and research scientists. Whether we're shaping the future of sustainability, optimizing algorithms, or pioneering AI systems, our teams strive to continuously progress science, advance society, and improve the lives of billions of people.
The Canada base salary for this full-time position is CAD 120,000, determined by role, level, and location. Individual pay is determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. 

Please note that the compensation details listed in Canada role postings reflect the base salary only, and do not include bonus, equity, or benefits. Learn more about benefits at Google.
8a:T88b,The Student Researcher Program fosters academic collaborations by hiring students onto research projects aligned to company priorities in scientific advancement. The program offers placements on teams across Google for research, developing, and science roles. As a Student Researcher, you will have the opportunity to participate in research projects focused on developing solutions for real-world, large-scale problems.
Student Researcher projects are exploratory and experiences that drive scientific advancement across a multitude of research areas. Students will work collaboratively on projects that explore innovative research challenges and support the creation of breakthrough technologies.
Projects vary in duration and location based on team and student requirements. It is required that you are located in one of the specific country locations identified for this role for the full duration of the engagement. When you apply, you will be considered for Student Researcher positions across all of Google's research teams, including Google DeepMind, Google Research, Google Cloud and more. This allows us to find the right project match for your skills and interests.
Researchers across Google are working to advance the state of the art in computing and build the next generation of intelligent systems for all Google products. To achieve this, we invest in foundational research and work on projects that utilize the latest computer science techniques developed by skilled software developers and research scientists. Whether we're shaping the future of sustainability, optimizing algorithms, or pioneering AI systems, our teams strive to continuously progress science, advance society, and improve the lives of billions of people.
The Canada base salary for this full-time position is CAD 99,000, determined by role, level, and location. Individual pay is determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. 

Please note that the compensation details listed in Canada role postings reflect the base salary only, and do not include bonus, equity, or benefits. Learn more about benefits at Google.
8b:T652,Google's projects, like our users, span the globe and require managers to keep the big picture in focus while being able to dive into the unique engineering challenges we face daily. As a Technical Program Manager at Google, you lead complex, multi-disciplinary engineering projects using your engineering expertise. You plan requirements with internal customers and usher projects through the entire project lifecycle. This includes managing project schedules, identifying risks and clearly communicating them to project stakeholders. You're equally at home explaining your team's analyses and recommendations to executives as you are discussing the technical trade-offs in product development with engineers.
Using your technical and leadership expertise, you run Engineering-focused projects that are well-defined under supervision.
Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to address some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
US: $94000 - $125000 (USD) + 0% bonus target
Learn more about benefits at Google.
8c:Tb1c,Join us for a unique 12-14 week paid internship that offers personal and professional development, an executive speaker series, and community-building. The Software Engineering Internship program will give you an opportunity to work on complex computer science solutions, develop scalable, distributed software systems, and also collaborate on multitudes of smaller projects that have universal appeal.
We offer a range of internships in either Software Engineering or Site-Reliability Engineering across North America, including the US and Canada. Our recruitment team will determine where you fit best based on your resume.
As a Software Engineering Intern, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs. Google is working to advance the state of the art in computing and build the next generation of intelligent systems for all Google products. To achieve this, we work on projects that utilize the latest computer science techniques developed by skilled software developers. Whether we're shaping the future of sustainability, optimizing algorithms, or pioneering AI systems, our teams strive to continuously progress science, advance society, and improve the lives of billions of people.
Software Engineering Intern:
As a key member of a versatile team, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs. We need our engineers to be versatile, and enthusiastic in addressing problems as we continue to push technology forward. You will design, test, deploy, and maintain software solutions as you grow and evolve during your internship.
Site Reliability Intern:
Our engineers create, fix, extend, and scale the code to keep it working and to harden it against all the bad actors of the internet. We drive reliability and performance on a massive scale. You will work on software development projects to keep important business generating-critical systems up and running, from code-level troubleshooting of traffic anomalies to maintenance of our services, from monitoring and alerts to building automation infrastructure.
Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to address some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
US: $118000 - $157000 (USD) + 0% bonus target
Learn more about benefits at Google.
8d:Ta38,About the program
The Business Undergrad Internship Program is a paid summer internship for undergraduate college students that are interested in working in non-technical career opportunities at Google.
Interns are placed on teams across the company in fields of work within Sales, Marketing and Finance. Their work is core to Google and varies in scope and in length - ranging from the day-to-day core work of a full-time Googler to a single long-term project lasting the duration of the internship. Learn more from our Student Hub page.
Interns also participate in targeted training and experiences and have the opportunity to take advantage of the learning and development programs and support systems that Google offers. This includes 1:1 mentorship, a unique speaker series with company leadership, custom learning and development sessions, and opportunities to create community. 
Role Areas
Business Undergrad interns are placed in teams across the business according to their background and skills. Learn more about our fields of work. Although the teams that we hire for change every year, here are some of the key role profiles that we typically see: 
Sales: Turn product innovations into vital client solutions. The backbone of Google’s success, the account managers, consultants and analysts in these roles are all dedicated to top-notch client service. Whether negotiating with Fortune 500 companies, solving technical challenges for small businesses, or surfacing product ads in just the right place, we develop new business opportunities while increasing the use of our product offerings.
Marketing: Know the user. Know the magic. Connect the two. At its core, marketing at Google starts with technology and ends with the user, bringing both together in unconventional ways. Our job is to demonstrate how Google's products solve the world's challenges--from the everyday to the epic, from the mundane to the monumental. We approach marketing in a way that only Google can; changing the game, redefining the medium, making the user the priority, ultimately letting the technology speak for itself.
Finance: Fuel our moonshots by devising innovative solutions to complex problems in forecasting, accounting, compliance, and project management. From advising our product teams to managing day-to-day balance sheets, you’ll help keep our business on track to meet (or, better yet, exceed) our goals.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.

US: $58000 - $77000 (USD) + 0% bonus target

Learn more about benefits at Google. 
8e:T4de,As a Product Design Engineer, you will help to reinvent the shape of electronics: balancing comfort, performance, and appearance. You will work on a team that balances these concepts in an innovative and harmonious design that complements and enables the technology. You will be comfortable working on the borders of risk, actively communicating among a team to establish a design direction, creating prototypes that prove it, and working to scale that prototype.
Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to address some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
US: $86000 - $115000 (USD) + 0% bonus target
Learn more about benefits at Google.
8f:T67e,Our thirst for technology is a part of everything we do. Data Center Engineers work on the design, construction, commissioning, and operational phases of the data center's life-cycle. They define data center system-level architectures, specifying performance requirements and creating conceptual design and programming requirements. Engineers may focus on one aspect of data center construction such as site construction, power or cooling facilities, etc. Along with a team of great minds, you take on complex topics like how we use power or how to run state-of-the-art, environmentally-friendly facilities. You're a visionary who optimizes for efficiencies and never stops seeking improvements -- even small changes that can make a huge impact. You generate ideas, communicate recommendations to senior-level executives and drive implementation alongside facilities technicians.
Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to address some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
US: $82000 - $109000 (USD) + 0% bonus target
Learn more about benefits at Google.
90:Tba2,Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to address some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. The exact team you would be placed on is determined by business needs. However two teams of interest are our Platforms Infrastructure Engineering team and our Devices and Services team.
The AI and Infrastructure organization at Google designs, implements, and manages the hardware, software, machine learning, and systems infrastructure for all Google services (Search, YouTube, etc.) and Google Cloud. Our end users are Googlers, Cloud customers and the billions of people who use Google services around the world.
We prioritize security, efficiency, and reliability across everything we do - from developing our latest TPUs to running a global network, while driving towards shaping the future of hyperscale computing. Our global impact spans software and hardware, including Google Cloud’s Vertex AI, the leading AI platform for bringing Gemini models to enterprise customers.
As a Hardware Engineering Intern for the Platforms Infrastructure Engineering team, you will help design and build the hardware and software technologies that power all of Google's services. Our computational challenges are complex, enabled by custom hardware designed and made in-house.
Devices and Services’ mission is to transform computing for everyone by creating innovative first-party devices and services that deliver the best of Google. We're committed to cultivating a positive work environment while leading with AI-first experiences and driving silicon innovation for performance.
Our Devices and Services team combines the best of Google AI, Software, and Hardware to create radically helpful experiences for users. We research, design, and develop new technologies and hardware to make our user's interaction with computing faster, seamless, and more powerful. Whether finding new ways to capture and sense the world around us, advancing form factors, or improving interaction methods, the Devices and Services team is making people's lives better through technology.
Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to address some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
US: $86000 - $115000 (USD) + 0% bonus target
Learn more about benefits at Google.
91:T87f,The Google Cloud and AI Infrastructure team focuses on building Google's next-generation systems. The team's work is grounded in creating custom hardware, and as an intern you'll get to collaborate with engineers from various parts of the organization to influence the future of Google Cloud and the AI infrastructure by working on the foundational technology that makes it all possible. This is the hardware that powers everything from Google Cloud, to our most advanced models like Gemini.
As an intern, you will work on fundamental problems at the intersection of hardware, software, and algorithms. You will collaborate with exceptional engineers and researchers on projects that directly impact Google's custom silicon portfolio, including highly specialized AI accelerators like our Tensor Processing Units (TPUs), and complex Systems-on-a-Chip (SoCs). Your responsibilities and projects will be tailored to your expertise and could focus on any part of the system stack.
Google Cloud accelerates every organization’s ability to digitally transform its business and industry. We deliver enterprise-grade solutions that leverage Google’s cutting-edge technology, and tools that help developers build more sustainably. Customers in more than 200 countries and territories turn to Google Cloud as their trusted partner to enable growth and solve their most critical business problems.
Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to address some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
US: $110000 - $147000 (USD) + 0% bonus target
Learn more about benefits at Google.
92:T565,As a Security Engineer Intern, you help protect network boundaries, keep computer systems and network devices hardened against attacks and provide security services to protect highly sensitive data like passwords and customer information. Security Engineers work with a broad range of devices, actively monitoring our systems for attacks and intrusions. We focus on the offensive/testing side and work with software engineers to proactively identify and fix security flaws and vulnerabilities. We also build tools, scripts and other automation to help our project teams achieve Google-scale impact.
Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to address some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
US: $98000 - $131000 (USD) + 0% bonus target
Learn more about benefits at Google.
93:Tc24,Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to address some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. The exact team you would be placed on is determined by business needs. However two teams of interest are our Cloud Chip Innovation Infrastructure team and our Platforms & Devices Team.
The Google Cloud and AI Infrastructure team focuses on building Google's next-generation systems. The team's work is grounded in creating custom hardware, and as an intern you'll get to collaborate with engineers from various parts of the organization to influence the future of Google Cloud and the AI infrastructure by working on the foundational technology that makes it all possible. This is the hardware that powers everything from Google Cloud, Search, YouTube to our most advanced models like Gemini.
As a Silicon Engineering Intern in Google Cloud’s Chip Innovation Infrastructure team, you will work on fundamental problems at the intersection of hardware, software, and algorithms. You will collaborate with exceptional engineers and researchers on projects that directly impact Google's custom silicon portfolio, including highly specialized AI accelerators like our Tensor Processing Units (TPUs), and complex Systems-on-a-Chip (SoCs). Your responsibilities and projects will be tailored to your expertise and could focus on any part of the system stack.
The Platforms & Devices team combines the best of Google AI, Software, and Hardware to create radically helpful experiences for users. Our Silicon team is responsible for developing custom silicon solutions that deliver differentiated user experiences and optimize performance and power across our Google Hardware products. Our work includes designing cutting-edge Systems-on-a-Chip (SoCs), as well as various mixed signal, logic, and sensor Integrated Circuits (ICs) for our entire product portfolio.
As a Silicon Engineering intern within the P&D Silicon Team, you would join a project that is a critical part of our silicon development process. The team works directly with product teams and other groups across Google to map out chip requirements and ensure our hardware organization is always up-to-date on the latest chip technologies.
Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to address some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
US: $94000 - $125000 (USD) + 0% bonus target
Learn more about benefits at Google.
94:T6cc,Google User Experience (UX) is made up of multi-disciplinary teams of UX Designers, Researchers, Writers, Content Strategists, Program Managers, and Engineers: we care deeply about the people who use our products. The UX team plays an integral part in gathering insights about the attitudes, emotions, and behaviors of people who use our products to inspire and inform design. We collaborate closely with each other and with engineering and product management to create industry-leading products that deliver value for the people who use them, and for Google’s businesses.
As a UX Engineer, you'll work on the front end of our products in a challenging, fast-paced environment, helping to bridge UX best practices and production execution. You’ll demonstrate your creativity, analytical skills, and knowledge of user facing technologies to enable efficient, high quality execution and communications and launch innovative features to a global audience. 
Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to address some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
US: $88000 - $117000 (USD) + 0% bonus target
Learn more about benefits at Google.
95:T533,As a Customer and Partner Solutions Engineer, you’ll help Google scale partner integrations, technical solutions, and developer enablement initiatives worldwide with the help of AI and automation. You’ll collaborate with product/engineering, external partners, developers, and internal engineering teams to design, implement, and troubleshoot technical integrations (APIs, SDKs, and platform protocols). Additionally, you’ll build technical innovations and tooling to streamline partner onboarding and resolve technical integration blockers.
Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to address some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
US: $82000 - $109000 (USD) + 0% bonus target
Learn more about benefits at Google. 
96:T640,Join us for a full-time, 12-14 week paid internship that offers personal and professional development, an executive speaker series, and community-building. Research happens across Google everyday, in many different teams. Our research has already impacted user-facing services across Google, including Search, Maps, and Google Now, and is central to the success of Google Cloud and our planet-scale computing, storage, and networking infrastructure.
Research Interns work closely with engineers to discover, invent, and build at the largest scale. From creating experiments and prototyping implementations to designing architectures, Research Interns work on challenges in artificial intelligence, machine perception, data mining, machine learning, natural language understanding, privacy, computer architecture, networking, operating systems, storage and data management, and more.
Google Research addresses challenges that define the technology of today and tomorrow. From conducting research to influencing product development, our research teams have the opportunity to impact technology used by billions of people every day. 

Our teams aspire to make discoveries that impact everyone, and core to our approach is sharing our research and tools to fuel progress in the field -- we publish regularly in academic journals, release projects as open source, and apply research to Google products.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
US: $118000 - $157000 (USD) + 0% bonus target
Learn more about benefits at Google. 
97:T6ce,Google User Experience (UX) is made up of multi-disciplinary teams of UX Designers, Researchers, Writers, Content Strategists, Program Managers, and Engineers: we care deeply about the people who use our products. The UX team plays an integral part in gathering insights about the attitudes, emotions, and behaviors of people who use our products to inspire and inform design. We collaborate closely with each other and with engineering and product management to create industry-leading products that deliver value for the people who use them, and for Google’s businesses.
As a UX Engineer, you'll work on the front end of our products in a challenging, fast-paced environment, helping to bridge UX best practices and production execution. You’ll demonstrate your creativity, analytical skills, and knowledge of user facing technologies to enable efficient, high quality execution and communications and launch innovative features to a global audience. 
Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to address some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
US: $106000 - $141000 (USD) + 0% bonus target
Learn more about benefits at Google. 
98:T878,Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to address some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. The exact team you would be placed on is determined by business needs. However two teams of interest are our Platforms Infrastructure Engineering team and our Amplify Team.
The AI & Infrastructure organization at Google designs, implements, and manages the hardware, software, machine learning, and systems infrastructure for all Google services (Search, YouTube, etc.) and Google Cloud. Our end users are Googlers, Cloud customers and the billions of people who use Google services around the world.
We prioritize security, efficiency, and reliability across everything we do - from developing our latest TPUs to running a global network, while driving towards shaping the future of hyperscale computing. Our global impact spans software and hardware, including Google Cloud’s Vertex AI, the leading AI platform for bringing Gemini models to enterprise customers.
As a Hardware Engineering Intern for the Platforms Infrastructure Engineering team, you will help design and build the hardware and software technologies that power all of Google's services. Our computational challenges are complex, enabled by custom hardware designed and made in-house.
Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to address some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
US: $106000 - $141000 (USD) + 0% bonus target
Learn more about benefits at Google.
99:T4e0,User Experience (UX) is made up of multi-disciplinary teams of Designers, Researchers, Writers, Content Strategists, Program Managers, and Engineers who focus on customer experience. We play an integral part in gathering insights about product user needs, attitudes, and behaviors to inspire and inform design. We collaborate closely with each other, engineering, and product management to create products that deliver value for our users and Google’s businesses.
Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to address some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
US: $88000 - $117000 (USD) + 0% bonus target
Learn more about benefits at Google.
9a:T47b,Design and user experience (UX) are at the forefront of everything we do. The job of a Designer is to envision how people experience our products and bring that vision to life in a way that feels inspired and refined. In this role, you’ll address complex tasks and transform them into intuitive, accessible, and easy-to-use solutions for people around the world.
Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to address some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
US: $88000 - $117000 (USD) + 0% bonus target
Learn more about benefits at Google.
9b:T447,User Experience (UX) is made up of multi-disciplinary teams of Designers, Researchers, Writers, Content Strategists, Program Managers, and Engineers who focus on customer experience. We play an integral part in gathering insights about product user needs, attitudes, and behaviors to inspire and inform design. 
Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to address some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
US: $106000 - $141000 (USD) + 0% bonus target
Learn more about benefits at Google.
9c:T64d,Mandiant has been at the forefront of cybersecurity and cyber threat intelligence since 2004. Our incident responders are on the frontlines of the world’s most complex breaches. We have a deep understanding of existing and emerging threat actors, including their rapidly changing tactics, techniques, and procedures.
We ensure the long-term success of our clients by providing talented, passionate, and specialized security expertise. Our Mandiant Security Consultants partner with clients to evaluate, create, develop, improve, and mature information security operations and programs. By utilizing the latest industry standards and combining experience and knowledge gained from incident response, intelligence, and managed defense practices, we are able to develop defense forward information security programs for our clients.
Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to address some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
US: $67500 - $90000 (USD) + 0% bonus target
Learn more about benefits at Google.
9d:T651,As a Business Data Scientist, you will be a subject matter specialist for translating business problems from your supported organization or functional area into analytical solutions and insights. You will provide technical mentorship in delivering project work including implementing data science solutions, improving data pipelines, developing evaluation metrics, or building statistical models that provide insights to the business. You will create and implement reused and scaled solutions within the team's development process. You will collaborate with supported teams and win stakeholder trust by translating business needs into tractable analyses or evaluation metrics. You will work closely with product and engineering teams to analyze impact on product or Google-wide metrics (including daily activities, retention, churn).
Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to address some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
US: $118000 - $157000 (USD) + 0% bonus target
Learn more about benefits at Google.
9e:T4c4,In the Data Scientist product role, you will provide quantitative analysis, market expertise and a strategic perspective to our partners throughout the organization. As a member of the team, you'll serve as an analytics expert for your partners, using numbers to help them make better decisions. You will weave stories with meaningful insight from data. You'll make key recommendations for Googlers in Engineering and Product Management.
Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to address some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
US: $94000 - $125000 (USD) + 0% bonus target
Learn more about benefits at Google.
9f:T92d,The Student Researcher Program fosters academic collaborations by hiring students onto research projects aligned to company priorities in scientific advancement. The program offers placements on teams across Google, for research, engineering, and science roles. As a Student Researcher, you will have the opportunity to participate in research projects focused on developing solutions for real-world, large-scale problems.
Student Researcher projects are exploratory and experiences that drive scientific advancement across a multitude of research areas. Students will work collaboratively on projects that explore innovative research challenges and support the creation of breakthrough technologies.
Projects vary in duration and location based on team and student requirements. It is required that you are located in one of the specific country locations identified for this role for the full duration of the engagement. When you apply, you will be considered for Student Researcher positions across all of Google's research teams including Google DeepMind, Google Research, Google Cloud and more. This allows us to find the right project match for your skills and interests.
Researchers across Google are working to advance the state of the art in computing and build the next generation of intelligent systems for all Google products. To achieve this, we invest in foundational research and work on projects that utilize the latest computer science techniques developed by skilled software developers and research scientists. Whether we're shaping the future of sustainability, optimizing algorithms, or pioneering AI systems, our teams strive to continuously progress science, advance society, and improve the lives of billions of people.
The US base salary range for this full-time position is $118,000-$157,000. Our salary ranges are determined by role, level, and location. Within the range, individual pay is determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process.

Please note that the compensation details listed in US role postings reflect the base salary only, and do not include bonus, equity, or benefits. Learn more about benefits at Google.
a0:T92b,The Student Researcher Program fosters academic collaborations by hiring students onto research projects aligned to company priorities in scientific advancement. The program offers placements on teams across Google, for research, engineering, and science roles. As a Student Researcher, you will have the opportunity to participate in research projects focused on developing solutions for real-world, large-scale problems.
Student Researcher projects are exploratory and experiences that drive scientific advancement across a multitude of research areas. Students will work collaboratively on projects that explore innovative research challenges and support the creation of breakthrough technologies.
Projects vary in duration and location based on team and student requirements. It is required that you are located in one of the specific country locations identified for this role for the full duration of the engagement. When you apply, you will be considered for Student Researcher positions across all of Google's research teams including Google DeepMind, Google Research, Google Cloud and more. This allows us to find the right project match for your skills and interests
Researchers across Google are working to advance the state of the art in computing and build the next generation of intelligent systems for all Google products. To achieve this, we invest in foundational research and work on projects that utilize the latest computer science techniques developed by skilled software developers and research scientists. Whether we're shaping the future of sustainability, optimizing algorithms, or pioneering AI systems, our teams strive to continuously progress science, advance society, and improve the lives of billions of people.
The US base salary range for this full-time position is $98,000-$131,000. Our salary ranges are determined by role, level, and location. Within the range, individual pay is determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process.

Please note that the compensation details listed in US role postings reflect the base salary only, and do not include bonus, equity, or benefits. Learn more about benefits at Google.
a1:Tb18,In accordance with Washington state law, we are highlighting our comprehensive benefits package, which is available to all eligible US based Interns. Benefits for this role include:
Health, dental, vision insurance
Sick Time: 40 hours/year (increased to 69 hours/year for Seattle) including 5 discretionary sick days per instance
Holidays: 13 paid days per year
This role may also be located in our Playa Vista, CA campus.
Applicants in the County of Los Angeles: Qualified applications with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment in accordance with the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act.
Applicants in San Francisco: Qualified applications with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment in accordance with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act.
---
The Student Researcher Program fosters academic collaborations by hiring students onto research projects aligned to company priorities in scientific advancement. The program offers placements on teams across Google, for research, engineering, and science roles. As a Student Researcher, you will have the opportunity to participate in research projects focused on developing solutions for real-world, large-scale problems.
Student Researcher projects are exploratory and experiences that drive scientific advancement across a multitude of research areas. Students will work collaboratively on projects that explore innovative research challenges and support the creation of breakthrough technologies.
Projects vary in duration and location based on team and student requirements. It is required that you are located in one of the specific country locations identified for this role for the full duration of the engagement. When you apply, you will be considered for Student Researcher positions across all of Google's research teams including DeepMind, Google Research, Google Cloud and more. This allows us to find the right project match for your skills and interests.
Researchers across Google are working to advance the state of the art in computing and build the next generation of intelligent systems for all Google products. To achieve this, we invest in foundational research and work on projects that utilize the latest computer science techniques developed by skilled software developers and research scientists. Whether we're shaping the future of sustainability, optimizing algorithms, or pioneering AI systems, our teams strive to continuously progress science, advance society, and improve the lives of billions of people.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
US: $118000 - $157000 (USD) + 0% bonus target
Learn more about benefits at Google.
a2:Tb18,This role may also be located in our Playa Vista, CA campus.
Applicants in the County of Los Angeles: Qualified applications with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment in accordance with the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act. 
Applicants in San Francisco: Qualified applications with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment in accordance with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act.
In accordance with Washington state law, we are highlighting our comprehensive benefits package, which is available to all eligible US based Interns. Benefits for this role include:
Health, dental, vision insurance
Sick Time: 40 hours/year (increased to 69 hours/year for Seattle) including 5 discretionary sick days per instance
Holidays: 13 paid days per year
---
The Student Researcher Program fosters academic collaborations by hiring students onto research projects aligned to company priorities in scientific advancement. The program offers placements on teams across Google, for research, engineering, and science roles. As a Student Researcher, you will have the opportunity to participate in research projects focused on developing solutions for real-world, large-scale problems.
Student Researcher projects are exploratory and experiences that drive scientific advancement across a multitude of research areas. Students will work collaboratively on projects that explore innovative research challenges and support the creation of breakthrough technologies.
Projects vary in duration and location based on team and student requirements. It is required that you are located in one of the specific country locations identified for this role for the full duration of the engagement. When you apply, you will be considered for Student Researcher positions across all of Google's research teams including DeepMind, Google Research, Google Cloud and more. This allows us to find the right project match for your skills and interests.
Researchers across Google are working to advance the state of the art in computing and build the next generation of intelligent systems for all Google products. To achieve this, we invest in foundational research and work on projects that utilize the latest computer science techniques developed by skilled software developers and research scientists. Whether we're shaping the future of sustainability, optimizing algorithms, or pioneering AI systems, our teams strive to continuously progress science, advance society, and improve the lives of billions of people.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
US: $98000 - $131000 (USD) + 0% bonus target
Learn more about benefits at Google.
a3:T7d8,Behind Google’s simple search box is one of the most complex technology infrastructures in the world. And behind that infrastructure is a group of Googlers, who design, build, and keep the lights on for our users. Our Data Center Engineering team takes the physical design of our data centers into the future, and our technicians, engineers, and support teams bring ideas to life. The teams use creative approaches to reduce operational costs and to extend traditional practices to meet our goal of making our data centers the most energy-efficient and environmentally sustainable in the world.
As a Data Center Facilities Technician Intern, you will play a vital role in maintaining the physical data center environment. You will train alongside experienced technicians, gaining experience by assisting with the operation, maintenance, and repair of critical electrical and mechanical systems, including HVAC, UPS, generators, and control and monitoring systems.
A key part of your role will be learning to inspect, maintain, and repair various data center systems like piping and other electrical or mechanical components. You'll also learn to read blueprints and schematics, assist in conducting system tours, and provide daily support to our technicians. This internship offers an excellent opportunity to develop creative solutions for improving operational efficiencies and reducing costs, all while adhering to our strict health and safety policies. By learning our systems and tools, you will build a solid technical foundation and grow your skills in a mission-critical environment.
Google Cloud accelerates every organization’s ability to digitally transform its business and industry. We deliver enterprise-grade solutions that leverage Google’s cutting-edge technology, and tools that help developers build more sustainably. Customers in more than 200 countries and territories turn to Google Cloud as their trusted partner to enable growth and solve their most critical business problems.
a4:T5b5,Our MBA Internship Program will immerse you into the tech industry on a high-impact team. You’ll enhance your skill set, be challenged with rigorous work, grow your network and drive meaningful change in our business. Outside of your core work, you will participate in a program that exposes you to Google’s business operations, connects you with interns and Googlers, and invests in your personal and professional development.

As a Strategy and Operations Intern, you will be part of the team that is responsible for defining, landing and executing on our key strategic priorities to drive long term business growth. You will provide business insights, ensure cross-functional alignment, drive strategic partnerships, and execute new initiatives. The organization's goal is to align company priorities with day-to-day operations and evolve early-stage ideas into future growth initiatives.
The idea for Gmail began with 1 Googler. Today it has more than 1 billion users and counting.

At Google, one Googler can make a huge impact, and it’s no different with our interns--they are key players in our daily innovation. As an intern, you’ll have the opportunity to work on projects core to Google’s business, whether it be Sales, Enterprise, Finance, People Operations (HR), Legal, Trust and Safety, or Marketing. Our intern recruitment team will determine where you fit best based on your CV and the preferences you indicate on the application form.
a5:T677,We offer a range of internships in either Software Engineering or Site-Reliability Engineering across EMEA. Durations and start dates will vary according to project and location. Our recruitment team will determine where you fit best based on your resume.
Software Engineering Intern:
As a key member of a versatile team, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs. We need our engineers to be versatile, and enthusiastic in addressing problems as we continue to push technology forward. You will design, test, deploy and maintain software solutions as you grow and evolve during your internship.

Site Reliability Intern:
Our engineers create, fix, extend and scale the code to keep it working and to harden it against all the bad actors of the internet. We drive reliability and performance on a massive scale. You will work on software development projects to keep important business generating-critical systems up and running, from code-level troubleshooting of traffic anomalies to maintenance of our services; from monitoring and alerts to building automation infrastructure.
Google is an engineering company at heart. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on users around the world. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, social to local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.
a6:T6bb,Behind Google’s simple search box is one of the most complex technology infrastructures in the world and behind that infrastructure is a various group of Googlers, who design, build, and keep the lights on for our users. Our Data Center Engineering team takes the physical design of our data centers into the future, and our technicians, engineers, and support teams bring ideas to life. The teams use creative approaches to reduce operational costs and to extend traditional practices to meet our goal of making our data centers the most energy-efficient and environmentally sustainable in the world. 
As a Data Center Technician Intern, you'll be a key part of the Data Center team, gaining experience by helping with the installation, configuration, and troubleshooting of hardware, including servers and their components, as well as server software like Google's Linux cluster. You'll learn how to configure and manage network components such as routers, hubs, bridges, and switches. Additionally, you will be involved in manual movement and rack installation of equipment and may even have the opportunity to participate in or lead small project teams on larger installations. This internship is a fantastic opportunity to build a solid foundation in data center operations and network infrastructure.
Google Cloud accelerates every organization’s ability to digitally transform its business and industry. We deliver enterprise-grade solutions that leverage Google’s cutting-edge technology, and tools that help developers build more sustainably. Customers in more than 200 countries and territories turn to Google Cloud as their trusted partner to enable growth and solve their most critical business problems.
a7:T666,As an Associate Product Marketing Manager (APMM) Intern, you'll be assigned a marketing project within a specific product area, directly contributing to its business goals. Your responsibilities will vary based on the project, but may include:
Bringing user insights into the product development process.
Driving product launch awareness and adoption.
Defining and executing go-to-market strategies (including social and digital campaigns).
Measuring campaign success against KPIs.
Developing customer acquisition and engagement programs (e.g., strategy, messaging, collateral, events).
Following the internship, interns may be considered for full-time roles in the APMM Program, continuing to support the same product area or region. The APMM Program, Google’s early-career marketing program, allows you the opportunity to develop a breadth of marketing skills, join a community of peers and alumni and be supported by dedicated mentors and executive leaders. In addition to their core work, APMMs are expected to complete learning and development milestones, attend APMM programming and actively contribute to the APMM community.
Know the user. Know the magic. Connect the two. At its core, marketing at Google starts with technology and ends with the user, bringing both together in unconventional ways. Our job is to demonstrate how Google's products solve the world's problems--from the everyday to the epic, from the mundane to the monumental. And we approach marketing in a way that only Google can--changing the game, redefining the medium, making the user the priority, and ultimately, letting the technology speak for itself.
a8:T93e,It’s an exciting time to join our Google Cloud Consulting team, leading the AI and cloud revolution for businesses worldwide. In this role, you’ll work hand-in-hand with our customers as an embedded builder, bridging the gap between frontier AI products and production-grade reality. We are looking for early-career, high-agency engineers with a founder’s mindset. Moving beyond high-level architecture, you will code, debug, and jointly ship bespoke agentic solutions directly within customer environments while helping solve integration, data readiness, and state-management challenges. Joining a collaborative culture with direct access to Google's engineering minds, you will act as an innovator-builder, providing white-glove deployment of complex AI systems and serving as a critical feedback loop to shape Google Cloud’s future product roadmap.
As a GenAI Forward Deployed Engineer (FDE) at Google Cloud, you are an embedded builder who bridges the gap between frontier AI products and production-grade reality within customers. Unlike traditional advisory roles, you function as an "innovator-builder," moving beyond high-level architecture to code, debug, and jointly ship bespoke agentic solutions directly within the customer’s environment. This role is designed for high-agency engineers with a founder’s mindset. You will address blockers to production including solving the integration complexities, data readiness issues, and state-management challenges that prevent AI from reaching enterprise-grade maturity. By embedding with strategic accounts, you serve a dual purpose: providing "white glove" deployment of complex AI systems and acting as a critical feedback loop, transforming real-world field insights into Google Cloud’s future product roadmap.
Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to address some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.
a9:T503,At Google, we put users first. The world is always changing so we need product managers who are continuously adapting and excited to work on products that affect people every day.
In this role, you will work cross-functionally to guide products from conception to launch by connecting the technical and business worlds. You will break down problems into steps that drive product development.

One of the many reasons Google consistently brings innovative changing products to market is because of the collaborative work done in product management. The team works with creative and prolific engineers, designers, marketers, and more to help design and develop technologies that improve access to the world's information. The team is responsible for guiding products throughout the execution cycle, focusing on analyzing, positioning, packaging, promoting, and tailoring solutions to users.
Google aims to build products that organize the world's information and make it universally accessible to our users. As a Product Manager at Google, you could be working on new technologies, platforms, consumer facing products, and/or enterprise systems. The end goal will be to match you with the team that best aligns with your interests, experience, and where you will have the most impact.
aa:T7ac,As an Intern, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs. Google is working to advance the state of the art in computing and build the next generation of intelligent systems for all Google products. To achieve this, we work on projects that utilize the latest computer science techniques developed by skilled software developers. Whether we're shaping the future of sustainability, optimizing algorithms, or pioneering AI systems, our teams strive to continuously progress science, advance society, and improve the lives of billions of people.
Software Engineering Intern:
As a key member of a versatile team, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs. We need our engineers to be versatile, and enthusiastic in addressing new problems as we continue to push technology forward. You will design, test, deploy and maintain software solutions as you grow and evolve during your internship.

Site Reliability Intern: 
Our engineers create, fix, extend and scale the code to keep it working and to harden it against all the bad actors of the internet. We drive reliability and performance on a massive scale. You will work on software development projects to keep important business-critical systems up and running, from code-level troubleshooting of traffic anomalies to maintenance of our services; from monitoring and alerts to building new automation infrastructure. 
Google is an engineering company at heart. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on users around the world. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, social to local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.
ab:Tc8d,The Student Researcher Program fosters academic collaborations by hiring students onto research projects aligned to company priorities in scientific advancement. The program offers placements on teams across Google, for research, engineering, and science roles. As a Student Researcher, you will have the opportunity to participate in research projects focused on developing solutions for real-world, large-scale problems.
Student Researcher projects are exploratory and direct experiences that drive scientific advancement across a multitude of research areas. Students will work collaboratively on projects that explore innovative research challenges and support the creation of breakthrough technologies.
This engagement is intended for students enrolled in an accredited Bachelor’s, Master’s, or PhD degree program located in the EMEA region. Participation in the Student Researcher Program requires that you maintain student status, and are located in one of the specific country locations identified for this role relevant to the project, for the full duration of the engagement. Projects can vary in duration and time commitment depending on needs, ranging from part-time to full time. 
When you apply, you will be considered for Student Researcher positions across all of Google's research teams - including DeepMind, Google Research, Google Cloud and more. This allows us to find the right project match for your skills and interests.
Researchers across Google are working to advance the state of the art in computing and build the next generation of intelligent systems for all Google products. To achieve this, we invest in foundational research and work on projects that utilize the latest computer science techniques developed by skilled software developers and research scientists. Whether we're shaping the future of sustainability, optimizing algorithms, or pioneering AI systems, our teams strive to continuously progress science, advance society, and improve the lives of billions of people.
Google Research is building the next generation of intelligent systems for all Google products. To achieve this, we’re working on projects that utilize the latest computer science techniques developed by skilled software developers and research scientists. Google Research teams collaborate closely with other teams across Google, maintaining the flexibility and versatility required to adapt new projects and foci that meet the demands of the world's fast-paced business needs.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
[Bachelor's degree] 
Germany: €68500 (EUR) + 0% bonus target
France: €53000 (EUR) + 0% bonus target
Sweden: kr545000 (SEK) + 0% bonus target
Netherlands: €68500 (EUR) + 0% bonus target
[Master's degree]
Germany: €71000 (EUR) + 0% bonus target
France: €54000 (EUR) + 0% bonus target
Sweden: kr560000 (SEK) + 0% bonus target
Netherlands: €71000 (EUR) + 0% bonus target
[PhD degree]
Germany: €85000 (EUR) + 0% bonus target
France: €66000 (EUR) + 0% bonus target
Sweden: kr670000 (SEK) + 0% bonus target
Netherlands: €86500 (EUR) + 0% bonus target
Learn more about benefits at Google. 
ac:T885,Google's known for our innovative technologies, products and services -- and for the people behind them. Whether you are making our staffing systems more efficient, planning for our growth, building relationships on college campuses or cultivating the next generation of computer scientists, you have an eye on the staffing needs of Google and the broader hiring landscape. You are focused on cultivating outstanding candidates for Google's long-term hiring needs, and work across a cross-functional and international group of staffing teams. You are both scrappy and resourceful, creative and driven -- and excited to share the magic of working at Google.
Dive into the exciting world of talent engagement! Join our dynamic PhD Programs and Recruiting team as a Student Researcher Program Manager and serve as the strategic owner of the Student Researcher Program (SRP) across EMEA.
In this role, you will act as the bridge between the external academic world and Google’s most advanced research teams, including DeepMind and Google Research. You will move beyond execution to architect the future of the program, from influencing demand with senior technical leadership to designing high-impact engagement strategies for the world’s most interesting PhD talent. You will represent the program at premier global research conferences and lead the strategy for community building, ensuring that Student Researchers have a experience through curated events, mentorship, and an internal PhD Council.
Great just isn't good enough for our People Operations team (known elsewhere as "Human Resources"). We bring the world's most innovative people to Google and provide the programs that help them thrive. Whether recruiting the next Googler, refining our core programs, developing talent, or simply looking for ways to inject some more fun into the lives of our Googlers, we bring a data-driven approach that is reinventing the human resources field. 
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. 

Ireland: €84000 - €86000 (EUR) + 15% bonus target + equity + benefits

Learn more about benefits at Google.4:["$","main",null,{"className":"page-module__y7FWBq__page","children":[["$","section",null,{"className":"page-module__y7FWBq__hero","children":[["$","div",null,{"className":"page-module__y7FWBq__eyebrow","children":[101," companies - Internship tracker"]}],["$","h1",null,{"className":"page-module__y7FWBq__title","children":"Internships across major tech careers sites."}],["$","p",null,{"className":"page-module__y7FWBq__lede","children":"This version queries official careers surfaces, normalizes internship roles, and monitors early-talent programs in Canada, the United States, the United Kingdom, and Singapore."}],["$","div",null,{"className":"page-module__y7FWBq__metaRow","children":[["$","div",null,{"className":"page-module__y7FWBq__metaCard","children":[["$","span",null,{"className":"page-module__y7FWBq__metaLabel","children":"Source"}],["$","span",null,{"className":"page-module__y7FWBq__metaValue","children":"Official careers sites"}]]}],["$","div",null,{"className":"page-module__y7FWBq__metaCard","children":[["$","span",null,{"className":"page-module__y7FWBq__metaLabel","children":"Tracked roles"}],["$","span",null,{"className":"page-module__y7FWBq__metaValue","children":444}]]}],["$","div",null,{"className":"page-module__y7FWBq__metaCard","children":[["$","span",null,{"className":"page-module__y7FWBq__metaLabel","children":"Tracked companies"}],["$","span",null,{"className":"page-module__y7FWBq__metaValue","children":[101," employers"]}]]}],["$","div",null,{"className":"page-module__y7FWBq__metaCard","children":[["$","span",null,{"className":"page-module__y7FWBq__metaLabel","children":"Last refresh"}],["$","span",null,{"className":"page-module__y7FWBq__metaValue","children":"Oct 7, 2026, 8:44 PM"}]]}]]}]]}],["$","section",null,{"className":"page-module__y7FWBq__section","children":[["$","h2",null,{"className":"page-module__y7FWBq__sectionTitle","children":"Open roles and early-talent programs"}],["$","$Ld",null,{"jobs":[{"company":"Autodesk","sourceCompany":"autodesk","sourceType":"github-simplify-list","sourceName":"Simplify Summer 2027 Internships","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/SimplifyJobs/Summer2027-Internships","jobId":"github-simplify-list:a10da333ce23d3d34809","title":"Research Intern - AI Research","locationText":"Toronto, ON, Canada","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.322Z","applyUrl":"https://autodesk.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/Ext/job/Toronto-ON-CAN/PhD-Researcher--AI-Research_26WD101373-1?utm_source=Simplify&ref=Simplify","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Simplify / Pitt CSC"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.322Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://autodesk.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/Ext/job/Toronto-ON-CAN/PhD-Researcher--AI-Research_26WD101373-1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Autodesk","sourceCompany":"autodesk","sourceType":"github-simplify-list","sourceName":"Simplify Summer 2027 Internships","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/SimplifyJobs/Summer2027-Internships","jobId":"github-simplify-list:c5c1006bd9b5a95dfb50","title":"Research Intern - AI Research","locationText":"Toronto, ON, Canada","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.322Z","applyUrl":"https://autodesk.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/uni/job/Toronto-ON-CAN/PhD-Researcher--AI-Research_26WD101373?utm_source=Simplify&ref=Simplify","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Simplify / Pitt CSC"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.322Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://autodesk.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/uni/job/Toronto-ON-CAN/PhD-Researcher--AI-Research_26WD101373","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Microsoft","sourceCompany":"microsoft","sourceType":"microsoft-pcsx","jobId":"1970393556986141","title":"Applied Science: Internship Opportunities - Redmond","locationText":"United States, Washington, Redmond","countryCode":"US","city":"Redmond","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-10-07T17:58:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556986141?hl=en","tags":["Applied Sciences","onsite"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:04.324Z","descriptionText":"$e","key":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556986141?hl=en","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Microsoft","sourceCompany":"microsoft","sourceType":"microsoft-pcsx","jobId":"1970393556986140","title":"Applied Science: PhD Internship Opportunities - Multiple Locations","locationText":"United States, Washington, Redmond","countryCode":"US","city":"Redmond","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-10-07T15:33:10.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556986140?hl=en","tags":["Applied Sciences","onsite"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:04.324Z","descriptionText":"$f","key":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556986140?hl=en","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Microsoft","sourceCompany":"microsoft","sourceType":"microsoft-pcsx","jobId":"1970393557025004","title":"Software Engineering Intern","locationText":"United Kingdom, London, London","countryCode":"GB","city":"London","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-10-07T12:06:40.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393557025004?hl=en","tags":["Software Engineering","onsite"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:04.324Z","descriptionText":"$10","key":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393557025004?hl=en","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"NVIDIA","sourceCompany":"nvidia","sourceType":"nvidia-workday","jobId":"JR2026940","title":"PhD Research Intern, AI-Aided Engineering – 2027","locationText":"US, CA, Santa Clara","countryCode":"US","city":"Santa Clara","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-10-07T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/PhD-Research-Intern--AI-Aided-Engineering---2027_JR2026940","tags":["NVIDIA Careers","2100 NVIDIA USA"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:44:50.799Z","descriptionText":"$11","key":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/PhD-Research-Intern--AI-Aided-Engineering---2027_JR2026940","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0287859","title":"Data Science and Analytics - PhD Intern","locationText":"USA - OR - Hillsboro","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - OR - Hillsboro","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-10-07T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Data-Science-and-Analytics---PhD-Intern_JR0287859","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:12.579Z","descriptionText":"$12","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Data-Science-and-Analytics---PhD-Intern_JR0287859","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0287931","title":"AI Solution Architect - Undergraduate Intern","locationText":"USA - OR - Hillsboro","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - OR - Hillsboro","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-10-07T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/AI-Solution-Architect---Undergraduate-Intern_JR0287931","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:12.579Z","descriptionText":"$13","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/AI-Solution-Architect---Undergraduate-Intern_JR0287931","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0287020","title":"Module Engineering - PhD Intern","locationText":"USA - OR - Hillsboro","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - OR - Hillsboro","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-10-07T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Module-Engineering-PhD-Intern-New-2027_JR0287020","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:12.579Z","descriptionText":"$14","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Module-Engineering-PhD-Intern-New-2027_JR0287020","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Microsoft","sourceCompany":"microsoft","sourceType":"microsoft-pcsx","jobId":"1970393556868271","title":"Applied Science: PhD Microsoft AI Internship Opportunities","locationText":"United States, Washington, Redmond","countryCode":"US","city":"Redmond","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-10-06T21:17:57.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556868271?hl=en","tags":["Applied Sciences","onsite"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:04.324Z","descriptionText":"$15","key":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556868271?hl=en","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Khan Academy","sourceCompany":"khan-academy","sourceType":"github-simplify-list","sourceName":"Simplify Summer 2027 Internships","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/SimplifyJobs/Summer2027-Internships","jobId":"github-simplify-list:1c0764206512f5ffd41c","title":"Software Engineer Intern","locationText":"Remote in Canada","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Remote in Canada","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-10-06T20:42:21.322Z","applyUrl":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/khanacademy/jobs/8250259?utm_source=Simplify&ref=Simplify","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Simplify / Pitt CSC"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.322Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/khanacademy/jobs/8250259","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"NVIDIA","sourceCompany":"nvidia","sourceType":"nvidia-workday","jobId":"JR2026499","title":"PhD Research Intern, Cross-Disciplinary Vision Science - Summer 2027","locationText":"US, CA, Santa Clara","countryCode":"US","city":"Santa Clara","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-10-06T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/PhD-Research-Intern--Cross-Disciplinary-Vision-Science---Summer-2027_JR2026499","tags":["NVIDIA Careers","2100 NVIDIA USA"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:44:50.799Z","descriptionText":"$16","key":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/PhD-Research-Intern--Cross-Disciplinary-Vision-Science---Summer-2027_JR2026499","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"NVIDIA","sourceCompany":"nvidia","sourceType":"nvidia-workday","jobId":"JR2026704","title":"PCIe Design Verification Intern - Spring 2027","locationText":"US, CA, Santa Clara","countryCode":"US","city":"Santa Clara","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-10-06T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/PCIe-Design-Verification-Intern---Spring-2027_JR2026704","tags":["NVIDIA Careers","2100 NVIDIA USA"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:44:50.799Z","descriptionText":"$17","key":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/PCIe-Design-Verification-Intern---Spring-2027_JR2026704","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"NVIDIA","sourceCompany":"nvidia","sourceType":"nvidia-workday","jobId":"JR2026708","title":"PCIe Design Verification Intern - Summer 2027","locationText":"US, TX, Austin","countryCode":"US","city":"Austin","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-10-06T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-TX-Austin/PCIe-Design-Verification-Intern---Summer-2027_JR2026708","tags":["NVIDIA Careers","2100 NVIDIA USA"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:44:50.799Z","descriptionText":"$18","key":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-TX-Austin/PCIe-Design-Verification-Intern---Summer-2027_JR2026708","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0287820","title":"(Epi) - Module Development Engineer - (PhD Intern)","locationText":"USA - OR - Hillsboro","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - OR - Hillsboro","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-10-06T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/XMLNAME--Epi----Module-Development-Engineer----PhD-Intern-_JR0287820","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:12.579Z","descriptionText":"$19","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/XMLNAME--Epi----Module-Development-Engineer----PhD-Intern-_JR0287820","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Capital One","sourceCompany":"capital-one","sourceType":"github-simplify-list","sourceName":"Simplify Summer 2027 Internships","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/SimplifyJobs/Summer2027-Internships","jobId":"github-simplify-list:3003737e3759a83669e0","title":"Data Scientist Intern","locationText":"Toronto, ON, Canada","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-10-05T20:42:21.322Z","applyUrl":"https://capitalone.wd12.myworkdayjobs.com/Capital_One/job/Toronto-ON/Intern--Data-Scientist---Summer-2027_R1002165-1?utm_source=Simplify&ref=Simplify","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Simplify / Pitt CSC"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.322Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://capitalone.wd12.myworkdayjobs.com/Capital_One/job/Toronto-ON/Intern--Data-Scientist---Summer-2027_R1002165-1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Hitachi Energy","sourceCompany":"hitachi-energy","sourceType":"github-simplify-list","sourceName":"Simplify Summer 2027 Internships","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/SimplifyJobs/Summer2027-Internships","jobId":"github-simplify-list:01ebffc85b56b848b47b","title":"Electrical Component Engineer Intern","locationText":"Toronto, ON, Canada","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-10-05T20:42:21.322Z","applyUrl":"https://hitachi.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/hitachi/job/Toronto-Ontario-Canada/Electrical-Component-Engineering-Intern--Winter-2027--16months-_R0145359?utm_source=Simplify&ref=Simplify","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Simplify / Pitt CSC"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.322Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://hitachi.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/hitachi/job/Toronto-Ontario-Canada/Electrical-Component-Engineering-Intern--Winter-2027--16months-_R0145359","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Microsoft","sourceCompany":"microsoft","sourceType":"microsoft-pcsx","jobId":"1970393557023161","title":"Firmware Engineering Internship (6-month Program)","locationText":"United States, California, Santa Clara","countryCode":"US","city":"Santa Clara","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-10-05T05:11:35.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393557023161?hl=en","tags":["Firmware Engineering","onsite"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:04.324Z","descriptionText":"$1a","key":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393557023161?hl=en","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"NVIDIA","sourceCompany":"nvidia","sourceType":"nvidia-workday","jobId":"JR2025478","title":"Research Intern, Efficient Deep Learning - 2027","locationText":"US, CA, Santa Clara","countryCode":"US","city":"Santa Clara","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-10-05T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/Research-Intern--Efficient-Deep-Learning---2027_JR2025478","tags":["NVIDIA Careers","2100 NVIDIA USA"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:44:50.799Z","descriptionText":"$1b","key":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/Research-Intern--Efficient-Deep-Learning---2027_JR2025478","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0287524","title":"AI Solution Architect - Graduate Intern","locationText":"USA - CA - Santa Clara","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - CA - Santa Clara","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-10-05T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-California-Santa-Clara/AI-Solution-Architect---Graduate-Intern_JR0287524","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:12.579Z","descriptionText":"$1c","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-California-Santa-Clara/AI-Solution-Architect---Graduate-Intern_JR0287524","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0287530","title":"AI Solution Architect Graduate Intern","locationText":"USA - CA - Santa Clara","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - CA - Santa Clara","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-10-05T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-California-Santa-Clara/AI-Solution-Architect-Graduate-Intern_JR0287530","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:12.579Z","descriptionText":"$1d","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-California-Santa-Clara/AI-Solution-Architect-Graduate-Intern_JR0287530","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0287001","title":"Technology Research 2D Transistor Engineer Intern","locationText":"USA - OR - Hillsboro","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - OR - Hillsboro","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-10-05T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Technology-Research-2D-Transistor-Engineer-Intern_JR0287001","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:12.579Z","descriptionText":"$1e","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Technology-Research-2D-Transistor-Engineer-Intern_JR0287001","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0287613","title":"CPU Core Physical Design Technical Graduate Intern, Spring","locationText":"USA - CA - Folsom","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - CA - Folsom","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-10-05T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-California-Folsom/CPU-Core-Physical-Design-Technical-Graduate-Intern--Spring_JR0287613","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:12.579Z","descriptionText":"$1f","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-California-Folsom/CPU-Core-Physical-Design-Technical-Graduate-Intern--Spring_JR0287613","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0287683","title":"Module Engineering (PhD Intern)","locationText":"USA - OR - Hillsboro","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - OR - Hillsboro","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-10-05T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Module-Engineering--PhD-Intern-_JR0287683","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:12.579Z","descriptionText":"$20","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Module-Engineering--PhD-Intern-_JR0287683","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Sun Life","sourceCompany":"sun-life","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:5fd3eaecf74366f02d22","title":"Data Analyst Intern (Winter 2027)","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-10-05T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://sunlife.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/Campus/job/Toronto-Ontario/Student--Data-Analyst---Winter-2027-_JR00128365","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://sunlife.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/Campus/job/Toronto-Ontario/Student--Data-Analyst---Winter-2027-_JR00128365","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Royal Bank of Canada","sourceCompany":"royal-bank-of-canada","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:4fcbd080ac6c328d9c57","title":"AI Developer Intern (Winter 2027)","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-10-05T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://rbc.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/RBCEARLYTALENT1/job/TORONTO-Ontario-Canada/XMLNAME-2027-Winter---GRM--AI-Developer-Intern---Innovation---AI-Center-of-Excellence--4-Months-_R-0000188001-1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://rbc.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/RBCEARLYTALENT1/job/TORONTO-Ontario-Canada/XMLNAME-2027-Winter---GRM--AI-Developer-Intern---Innovation---AI-Center-of-Excellence--4-Months-_R-0000188001-1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Semtech","sourceCompany":"semtech","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:caf312ab889db9c32f4c","title":"Software Developer Co-op, Web/Cloud Application","locationText":"Richmond, BC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Richmond","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-10-05T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://semtech.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/SemtechCareers/job/CAN---Richmond-BC/Software-Developer---Web-Cloud-Application--Co-op_REQ3644","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://semtech.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/SemtechCareers/job/CAN---Richmond-BC/Software-Developer---Web-Cloud-Application--Co-op_REQ3644","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Royal Bank of Canada","sourceCompany":"royal-bank-of-canada","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:d65e070b23bf0a4a3c59","title":"Data Analyst Co-op, Personal Banking (Winter 2027)","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-10-05T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://rbc.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/ExternalPrivatePostingStudents/job/TORONTO-Ontario-Canada/Winter-2027-Co-op-Student---Data-Analyst--Personal-Banking---8-months-_R-0000189535","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://rbc.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/ExternalPrivatePostingStudents/job/TORONTO-Ontario-Canada/Winter-2027-Co-op-Student---Data-Analyst--Personal-Banking---8-months-_R-0000189535","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Microsoft","sourceCompany":"microsoft","sourceType":"microsoft-pcsx","jobId":"1970393557021518","title":"Stagiaire en opérations critiques Centre de données / Critical Environment Ops INTERN Data Center","locationText":"Canada, Québec, Quebec City","countryCode":"CA","city":"Québec City","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"apprenticeship","postedAt":"2026-10-02T21:32:38.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393557021518?hl=en","tags":["Critical Environment Ops","onsite"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:04.324Z","descriptionText":"$21","key":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393557021518?hl=en","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Microsoft","sourceCompany":"microsoft","sourceType":"microsoft-pcsx","jobId":"1970393556986137","title":"Data Science: AI Experiences PhD Internship Opportunities - Redmond","locationText":"United States, Washington, Redmond","countryCode":"US","city":"Redmond","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-10-02T20:11:40.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556986137?hl=en","tags":["Data Science","onsite"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:04.324Z","descriptionText":"$22","key":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556986137?hl=en","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Microsoft","sourceCompany":"microsoft","sourceType":"microsoft-pcsx","jobId":"1970393557023070","title":"Research Intern - Maia 200 Development","locationText":"United States, Washington, Redmond","countryCode":"US","city":"Redmond","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-10-02T19:32:38.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393557023070?hl=en","tags":["Research Sciences","onsite"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:04.324Z","descriptionText":"$23","key":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393557023070?hl=en","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Databricks","sourceCompany":"databricks","sourceType":"databricks-greenhouse","jobId":"8847738002","title":"Software Engineering Intern (2027 Start) - London","locationText":"London, United Kingdom","countryCode":"GB","city":"London","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-10-02T14:39:23.000Z","applyUrl":"https://databricks.com/company/careers/open-positions/job?gh_jid=8847738002","tags":["Databricks GmbH","Engineering","University Recruiting"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.189Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://databricks.com/company/careers/open-positions/job?gh_jid=8847738002","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Microsoft","sourceCompany":"microsoft","sourceType":"microsoft-pcsx","jobId":"1970393557021552","title":"Stagiaire - Technicien de Centre de Données (TI) / Datacenter Technician - Intern (IT)","locationText":"Canada, Québec, Quebec City","countryCode":"CA","city":"Québec City","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-10-02T02:32:50.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393557021552?hl=en","tags":["Data Center Technicians","onsite"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:04.324Z","descriptionText":"$24","key":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393557021552?hl=en","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Microsoft","sourceCompany":"microsoft","sourceType":"microsoft-pcsx","jobId":"1970393556999327","title":"Penetration Tester: Internship Opportunities","locationText":"United States, Washington, Redmond","countryCode":"US","city":"Redmond","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-10-02T00:49:32.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556999327?hl=en","tags":["Penetration Testing","onsite"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:04.324Z","descriptionText":"$25","key":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556999327?hl=en","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"NVIDIA","sourceCompany":"nvidia","sourceType":"nvidia-workday","jobId":"JR2025792","title":"PhD Research Intern, Embodied and Agentic AI - 2027","locationText":"US, CA, Santa Clara","countryCode":"US","city":"Santa Clara","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-10-02T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/PhD-Research-Intern--Embodied-and-Agentic-AI---2027_JR2025792","tags":["NVIDIA Careers","2100 NVIDIA USA"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:44:50.799Z","descriptionText":"$26","key":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/PhD-Research-Intern--Embodied-and-Agentic-AI---2027_JR2025792","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0287458","title":"Software Engineering - PhD Intern","locationText":"USA - OR - Hillsboro","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - OR - Hillsboro","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-10-02T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Software-Engineering-PhD-Intern-New-2027_JR0287458-1","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:12.579Z","descriptionText":"$27","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Software-Engineering-PhD-Intern-New-2027_JR0287458-1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Harvey","sourceCompany":"harvey","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:42966d46592b774c0c1b","title":"Software Engineer Intern (Winter 2027)","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-10-02T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/harvey/d40e15aa-2351-4be8-ac8f-1faf60bfcdbf/","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/harvey/d40e15aa-2351-4be8-ac8f-1faf60bfcdbf/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Solink","sourceCompany":"solink","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:a5ecba1475de5a72f394","title":"Software Engineer Co-op, Agents","locationText":"Ottawa, ON / Remote, Canada","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Ottawa","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-10-02T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/solink/8493613d-ea47-4182-ac0b-f5f24d11f49e/","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/solink/8493613d-ea47-4182-ac0b-f5f24d11f49e/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Mila","sourceCompany":"mila","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:c9eb729e0413cef5acd7","title":"AI Safety Research Intern","locationText":"Montreal, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-10-02T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.workable.com/mila-2/j/1E81635604/","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://apply.workable.com/mila-2/j/1E81635604/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Nokia","sourceCompany":"nokia","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:1089bcb04c6a5c2c3605","title":"Automation Engineer Co-op Intern (Winter 2027)","locationText":"Ottawa, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Ottawa","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-10-02T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://fa-evmr-saasfaprod1.fa.ocs.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX_1/job/41168","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://fa-evmr-saasfaprod1.fa.ocs.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX_1/job/41168","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Kinaxis","sourceCompany":"kinaxis","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:f0097759ee9032432aa9","title":"AI/ML Researcher Intern (Winter 2027)","locationText":"Remote, Canada","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Remote","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-10-02T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers-kinaxis.icims.com/jobs/35465/job?mobile=true&needsRedirect=false","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://careers-kinaxis.icims.com/jobs/35465/job?mobile=true&needsRedirect=false","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Definity Financial","sourceCompany":"definity-financial","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:4444d9ba34ca0532e214","title":"Operations Analyst Co-op Intern (Winter 2027)","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-10-02T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://hdks.fa.ca2.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX_1/job/9410","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://hdks.fa.ca2.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX_1/job/9410","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Marvell","sourceCompany":"marvell","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:86dfe741561f75141cd8","title":"Firmware Engineer Intern (Winter 2027)","locationText":"Ottawa, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Ottawa","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-10-02T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://marvell.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/MarvellCareers/job/Ottawa-Canada/Firmware-Engineer-Intern---Winter-2027_2604738","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://marvell.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/MarvellCareers/job/Ottawa-Canada/Firmware-Engineer-Intern---Winter-2027_2604738","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:12cd0bb64c6e626a982d","title":"Thermal Mechanical Engineering Intern, GPU Platforms","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-10-02T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/en-us/external/job/Canada-Toronto/Thermal-Mechanical-Engineering-Undergraduate-Intern--GPU-Platforms_JR0287516","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/en-us/external/job/Canada-Toronto/Thermal-Mechanical-Engineering-Undergraduate-Intern--GPU-Platforms_JR0287516","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Manulife Financial","sourceCompany":"manulife-financial","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:305477e6ff7b3e09c37f","title":"Technology Enablement Analyst Co-op (Winter 2027)","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-10-02T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://manulife.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/MFCJH_Jobs/job/Toronto-Ontario/Winter-Co-op-2027---Technology-Enablement-Analyst_JR26090774","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://manulife.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/MFCJH_Jobs/job/Toronto-Ontario/Winter-Co-op-2027---Technology-Enablement-Analyst_JR26090774","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Altera","sourceCompany":"altera","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:e75f4c06f829fb675787","title":"High Level Synthesis Engineer Intern","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-10-02T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://altera.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/altera/job/Toronto-Ontario-Canada/High-Level-Synthesis-Engineer---Intern_R03254","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://altera.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/altera/job/Toronto-Ontario-Canada/High-Level-Synthesis-Engineer---Intern_R03254","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Hitachi Energy","sourceCompany":"hitachi-energy","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:0bf730180891a6491d18","title":"Hardware Test Engineering Intern (Summer 2027)","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-10-02T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://hitachi.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/hitachi/job/Toronto-Ontario-Canada/Hardware-Test-Engineering-Intern--Summer-2027--16months-_R0142476","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://hitachi.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/hitachi/job/Toronto-Ontario-Canada/Hardware-Test-Engineering-Intern--Summer-2027--16months-_R0142476","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Marvell","sourceCompany":"marvell","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:3037ae6ceda6ae42b939","title":"Firmware Engineer Intern Co-op","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-10-02T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://marvell.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/MarvellCareers/job/Toronto-Canada/Firmware-Engineer-Intern---BS-MS---2027-Co-Op_2604959","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://marvell.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/MarvellCareers/job/Toronto-Canada/Firmware-Engineer-Intern---BS-MS---2027-Co-Op_2604959","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:f71369959c96b9deb5a6","title":"GPU & AI Accelerator Hardware Design Undergraduate Intern","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-10-02T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/en-us/external/job/Canada-Toronto/GPU---AI-Accelerator-Hardware-Design-Undergraduate-Intern_JR0287539","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/en-us/external/job/Canada-Toronto/GPU---AI-Accelerator-Hardware-Design-Undergraduate-Intern_JR0287539","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Microsoft","sourceCompany":"microsoft","sourceType":"microsoft-pcsx","jobId":"1970393556925816","title":"Explore Program Engineering Internship Opportunities: Second-Year Students, Redmond","locationText":"United States, Washington, Redmond","countryCode":"US","city":"Redmond","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-10-01T23:23:51.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556925816?hl=en","tags":["Software Development","onsite"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:04.324Z","descriptionText":"$28","key":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556925816?hl=en","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Microsoft","sourceCompany":"microsoft","sourceType":"microsoft-pcsx","jobId":"1970393557022480","title":"Research Intern - Security Research Group, Microsoft Research Redmond","locationText":"United States, Washington, Redmond","countryCode":"US","city":"Redmond","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-10-01T20:55:14.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393557022480?hl=en","tags":["Research Sciences","onsite"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:04.324Z","descriptionText":"$29","key":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393557022480?hl=en","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Autodesk","sourceCompany":"autodesk","sourceType":"github-simplify-list","sourceName":"Simplify Summer 2027 Internships","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/SimplifyJobs/Summer2027-Internships","jobId":"github-simplify-list:386fc80807d6d106b563","title":"Software Development Intern","locationText":"Toronto, ON, Canada","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-10-01T20:42:21.322Z","applyUrl":"https://autodesk.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/Ext/job/Toronto-ON-CAN/Software-Development-Internship--Summer-2027-_26WD101436-1?utm_source=Simplify&ref=Simplify","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Simplify / Pitt CSC"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.322Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://autodesk.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/Ext/job/Toronto-ON-CAN/Software-Development-Internship--Summer-2027-_26WD101436-1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Microsoft","sourceCompany":"microsoft","sourceType":"microsoft-pcsx","jobId":"1970393557016454","title":"Data Center Technicians - IT INTERNSHIP - Neurodiversity Hiring Program","locationText":"Canada, Ontario, Toronto","countryCode":"CA","city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-10-01T18:58:50.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393557016454?hl=en","tags":["Data Center Technicians","onsite"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:04.324Z","descriptionText":"$2a","key":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393557016454?hl=en","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Microsoft","sourceCompany":"microsoft","sourceType":"microsoft-pcsx","jobId":"1970393556922930","title":"Software Engineer: Security & Identity Intern Opportunities for University Students, Redmond","locationText":"United States, Washington, Redmond","countryCode":"US","city":"Redmond","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-10-01T15:31:43.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556922930?hl=en","tags":["Software Engineering","onsite"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:04.324Z","descriptionText":"$2b","key":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556922930?hl=en","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Microsoft","sourceCompany":"microsoft","sourceType":"microsoft-pcsx","jobId":"1970393556922922","title":"Software Engineer: Fullstack Product (Web + Services)  Intern Opportunities for University Students,","locationText":"United States, Washington, Redmond","countryCode":"US","city":"Redmond","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-10-01T07:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556922922?hl=en","tags":["Software Engineering","onsite"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:04.324Z","descriptionText":"$2c","key":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556922922?hl=en","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Microsoft","sourceCompany":"microsoft","sourceType":"microsoft-pcsx","jobId":"1970393556922931","title":"Software Engineer: Data Platform/Analytics Intern Opportunities for University Students, Redmond","locationText":"United States, Washington, Redmond","countryCode":"US","city":"Redmond","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-10-01T07:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556922931?hl=en","tags":["Software Engineering","onsite"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:04.324Z","descriptionText":"$2d","key":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556922931?hl=en","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Microsoft","sourceCompany":"microsoft","sourceType":"microsoft-pcsx","jobId":"1970393556951950","title":"Software Engineer: Intern Opportunities for University Students - CoreAI - Redmond, WA","locationText":"United States, Washington, Redmond","countryCode":"US","city":"Redmond","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-10-01T07:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556951950?hl=en","tags":["Software Engineering","onsite"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:04.324Z","descriptionText":"$2e","key":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556951950?hl=en","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Microsoft","sourceCompany":"microsoft","sourceType":"microsoft-pcsx","jobId":"1970393556922923","title":"Software Engineer: Cloud & Distributed Backend Intern Opportunities for University Students, Redmond","locationText":"United States, Washington, Redmond","countryCode":"US","city":"Redmond","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-10-01T07:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556922923?hl=en","tags":["Software Engineering","onsite"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:04.324Z","descriptionText":"$2f","key":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556922923?hl=en","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Microsoft","sourceCompany":"microsoft","sourceType":"microsoft-pcsx","jobId":"1970393556922929","title":"Software Engineer: AI/ML & LLM Intern Opportunities for University Students, Redmond","locationText":"United States, Washington, Redmond","countryCode":"US","city":"Redmond","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-10-01T07:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556922929?hl=en","tags":["Software Engineering","onsite"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:04.324Z","descriptionText":"$30","key":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556922929?hl=en","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Microsoft","sourceCompany":"microsoft","sourceType":"microsoft-pcsx","jobId":"1970393556953113","title":"Product Manager: Internship Opportunities","locationText":"United States, Washington, Redmond","countryCode":"US","city":"Redmond","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-10-01T05:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556953113?hl=en","tags":["Product Management","onsite"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:04.324Z","descriptionText":"$31","key":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556953113?hl=en","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Microsoft","sourceCompany":"microsoft","sourceType":"microsoft-pcsx","jobId":"1970393557021556","title":"Data Center Technicians - IT INTERNSHIP","locationText":"Canada, Ontario, Greater Toronto","countryCode":"CA","city":"ON","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-10-01T02:17:25.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393557021556?hl=en","tags":["Data Center Technicians","onsite"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:04.324Z","descriptionText":"$32","key":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393557021556?hl=en","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0285454","title":"New Mexico WPM Manufacturing Technician Internship","locationText":"USA - NM - Rio Rancho","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - NM - Rio Rancho","employmentType":"PART_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-10-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-New-Mexico-Albuquerque/New-Mexico-WPM-Manufacturing-Technician-Internship_JR0285454","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:12.579Z","descriptionText":"$33","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-New-Mexico-Albuquerque/New-Mexico-WPM-Manufacturing-Technician-Internship_JR0285454","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Stripe","sourceCompany":"stripe","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:f388c363b22f8d639808","title":"Data Analyst Intern","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-10-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://stripe.com/jobs/search?gh_jid=8194287","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://stripe.com/jobs/search?gh_jid=8194287","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Stripe","sourceCompany":"stripe","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:8bae957f9292bc39ef76","title":"PhD Data Scientist","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"student","postedAt":"2026-10-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://stripe.com/jobs/search?gh_jid=8194285","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://stripe.com/jobs/search?gh_jid=8194285","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Pinterest","sourceCompany":"pinterest","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:05d4bebcb96251218b3c","title":"Machine Learning Intern","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-10-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://www.pinterestcareers.com/jobs/?gh_jid=8138080","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://www.pinterestcareers.com/jobs/?gh_jid=8138080","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Marvell","sourceCompany":"marvell","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:82d37a4c1a6b20556a68","title":"IC Validation Engineer Intern Co-op, BS/MS","locationText":"Ottawa, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Ottawa","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-10-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://marvell.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/MarvellCareers/job/Ottawa-Canada/IC-Validation-Engineer-Intern---BS-MS---2027-Co-Op_2603925","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://marvell.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/MarvellCareers/job/Ottawa-Canada/IC-Validation-Engineer-Intern---BS-MS---2027-Co-Op_2603925","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Autodesk","sourceCompany":"autodesk","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:ed628a87fc3a282fb115","title":"AI Data Developer Intern (Winter 2027)","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-10-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://autodesk.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/uni/job/Toronto-ON-CAN/Intern--AI-Data-Developer--Winter-_26WD101082","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://autodesk.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/uni/job/Toronto-ON-CAN/Intern--AI-Data-Developer--Winter-_26WD101082","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Autodesk","sourceCompany":"autodesk","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:01505a4ed69133be9084","title":"AI/ML Platform Intern (Winter 2027)","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-10-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://autodesk.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/Ext/job/Toronto-ON-CAN/Intern--AI-ML-Platform--Winter-_26WD101061-1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://autodesk.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/Ext/job/Toronto-ON-CAN/Intern--AI-ML-Platform--Winter-_26WD101061-1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Autodesk","sourceCompany":"autodesk","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:39b140d2f50bdfc7a107","title":"Software Developer Intern (Summer 2027)","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-10-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://autodesk.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/uni/job/Toronto-ON-CAN/Software-Development-Internship--Summer-2027-_26WD101436","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://autodesk.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/uni/job/Toronto-ON-CAN/Software-Development-Internship--Summer-2027-_26WD101436","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Autodesk","sourceCompany":"autodesk","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:d92bd43dfdd8537b09c6","title":"Product Management Intern (Winter 2027)","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-10-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://autodesk.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/uni/job/Toronto-ON-CAN/Intern--Product-Management--Winter-2027-_26WD101442","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://autodesk.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/uni/job/Toronto-ON-CAN/Intern--Product-Management--Winter-2027-_26WD101442","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Manulife Financial","sourceCompany":"manulife-financial","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:e013926b303536373067","title":"ALM Data Management & Analytics Co-op (Winter 2027)","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-10-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://manulife.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/MFCJH_Jobs/job/Toronto-Ontario/Winter-Co-op-2027---ALM-Data-Management---Analytics_JR26091831","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://manulife.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/MFCJH_Jobs/job/Toronto-Ontario/Winter-Co-op-2027---ALM-Data-Management---Analytics_JR26091831","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Sun Life","sourceCompany":"sun-life","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:e13985f1aa9e1cd26b67","title":"Associate Software Engineer Co-op (Winter 2027)","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-10-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://sunlife.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/Campus/job/Toronto-Ontario/Student--Associate-Software-Engineer--Winter-2027-_JR00128318","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://sunlife.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/Campus/job/Toronto-Ontario/Student--Associate-Software-Engineer--Winter-2027-_JR00128318","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"The Home Depot","sourceCompany":"the-home-depot","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:c5d53d71758a150bd626","title":"AI Machine Learning Developer Intern (Winter 2027)","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-10-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://homedepot.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/CareerDepotCanada/job/CANADA-STORE-SUPPORT-CENTER---7000/Intern--AI-Machine-Learning-Developer_Req195010","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://homedepot.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/CareerDepotCanada/job/CANADA-STORE-SUPPORT-CENTER---7000/Intern--AI-Machine-Learning-Developer_Req195010","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"The Home Depot","sourceCompany":"the-home-depot","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:bff6942f53b9411d2345","title":"Full Stack Software Developer Intern (Winter 2027)","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-10-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://homedepot.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/CareerDepotCanada/job/CANADA-STORE-SUPPORT-CENTER---7000/Intern--Full-Stack-Software-Developer_Req195012","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://homedepot.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/CareerDepotCanada/job/CANADA-STORE-SUPPORT-CENTER---7000/Intern--Full-Stack-Software-Developer_Req195012","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Royal Bank of Canada","sourceCompany":"royal-bank-of-canada","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:38e5c78131d76d4a64e0","title":"Data Analyst Co-op, Personal Banking (Winter 2027)","locationText":"Toronto, ON, Canada","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-10-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://rbc.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/ExternalPrivatePostingStudents/job/TORONTO-Ontario-Canada/Winter-2027-Co-op-Student---Data-Analyst--Personal-Banking--4--8--12-months-_R-0000184514-1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://rbc.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/ExternalPrivatePostingStudents/job/TORONTO-Ontario-Canada/Winter-2027-Co-op-Student---Data-Analyst--Personal-Banking--4--8--12-months-_R-0000184514-1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Pinterest","sourceCompany":"pinterest","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:093947db49f5e8d6d2b7","title":"Software Engineering Intern","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-10-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://www.pinterestcareers.com/jobs/8138039/software-engineering-intern-2027-toronto/?gh_jid=8138039","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://www.pinterestcareers.com/jobs/8138039/software-engineering-intern-2027-toronto/?gh_jid=8138039","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Autodesk","sourceCompany":"autodesk","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:643a10d6215cf083863e","title":"Software Development Internship (Winter 2027)","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-10-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://autodesk.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/Ext/job/Toronto-ON-CAN/Software-Development-Internship--Winter-2027-_26WD101435-1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://autodesk.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/Ext/job/Toronto-ON-CAN/Software-Development-Internship--Winter-2027-_26WD101435-1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Kinaxis","sourceCompany":"kinaxis","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:698ef660f13512673130","title":"Intern Developer, AI Solutions (Winter 2027)","locationText":"Ottawa, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Ottawa","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-10-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers-kinaxis.icims.com/jobs/35343/intern-developer%2c-ai-solutions/job","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://careers-kinaxis.icims.com/jobs/35343/intern-developer%2c-ai-solutions/job","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:1a01216395c0d1d9428a","title":"Graphics Hardware Validation Undergraduate Engineering Intern","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-10-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/en-us/external/job/Canada-Toronto/Graphics-Hardware-Validation-Undergraduate-Engineering-Intern_JR0287535","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/en-us/external/job/Canada-Toronto/Graphics-Hardware-Validation-Undergraduate-Engineering-Intern_JR0287535","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Microsoft","sourceCompany":"microsoft","sourceType":"microsoft-pcsx","jobId":"1970393557021663","title":"Research Intern - Quantum Algorithms","locationText":"United States, Washington, Redmond","countryCode":"US","city":"Redmond","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-30T21:33:15.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393557021663?hl=en","tags":["Research Sciences","onsite"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:04.324Z","descriptionText":"$34","key":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393557021663?hl=en","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Microsoft","sourceCompany":"microsoft","sourceType":"microsoft-pcsx","jobId":"1970393557019490","title":"Security Operations Engineering INTERN","locationText":"United States, Washington, Redmond","countryCode":"US","city":"Redmond","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-30T19:14:32.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393557019490?hl=en","tags":["Security Operations Engineering","onsite"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:04.324Z","descriptionText":"$35","key":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393557019490?hl=en","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Microsoft","sourceCompany":"microsoft","sourceType":"microsoft-pcsx","jobId":"1970393557019360","title":"Business Program Management INTERN","locationText":"United States, Washington, Redmond","countryCode":"US","city":"Redmond","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-30T15:36:10.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393557019360?hl=en","tags":["Business Program Management","onsite"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:04.324Z","descriptionText":"$36","key":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393557019360?hl=en","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"NVIDIA","sourceCompany":"nvidia","sourceType":"nvidia-workday","jobId":"JR2025647","title":"PhD Research Intern, Robotics - Summer 2027","locationText":"US, WA, Seattle","countryCode":"US","city":"Seattle","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-30T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-WA-Seattle/Research-Intern--Robotics---Summer-2027_JR2025647","tags":["NVIDIA Careers","2100 NVIDIA USA"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:44:50.799Z","descriptionText":"$37","key":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-WA-Seattle/Research-Intern--Robotics---Summer-2027_JR2025647","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"NVIDIA","sourceCompany":"nvidia","sourceType":"nvidia-workday","jobId":"JR2025379","title":"PhD Research Intern, Programming Systems - 2027","locationText":"US, CA, Santa Clara","countryCode":"US","city":"Santa Clara","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-30T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/PhD-Research-Intern--Programming-Systems---2027_JR2025379","tags":["NVIDIA Careers","2100 NVIDIA USA"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:44:50.799Z","descriptionText":"$38","key":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/PhD-Research-Intern--Programming-Systems---2027_JR2025379","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0287525","title":"Research Scientist Intern - Graphics, ML","locationText":"Virtual - USA AZ","countryCode":"US","city":"Virtual - USA AZ","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-30T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/Virtual-US/Research-Scientist-Intern---Graphics--ML_JR0287525","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:12.579Z","descriptionText":"$39","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/Virtual-US/Research-Scientist-Intern---Graphics--ML_JR0287525","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0287538","title":"AI SOC Power Delivery Pathfinding PhD Intern","locationText":"USA - OR - Hillsboro","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - OR - Hillsboro","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-30T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/AI-SOC-Power-Delivery-Pathfinding-PhD-Intern_JR0287538","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:12.579Z","descriptionText":"$3a","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/AI-SOC-Power-Delivery-Pathfinding-PhD-Intern_JR0287538","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Netflix","sourceCompany":"netflix","sourceType":"netflix-eightfold","jobId":"790317917022","title":"Machine Learning/AI Infrastructure Engineering Intern (AI Platform) PhD, Winter 2027","locationText":"Los Gatos,California,United States of America","countryCode":"US","city":"Los Gatos","employmentType":"onsite","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-30T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://explore.jobs.netflix.net/careers/job/790317917022-machine-learning-ai-infrastructure-engineering-intern-ai-platform-phd-winter-2027-los-gatos-california-united-states-of-america?domain=netflix.com&microsite=netflix.com","tags":["Engineering","Streaming"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:23.106Z","descriptionText":"$3b","key":"https://explore.jobs.netflix.net/careers/job/790317917022-machine-learning-ai-infrastructure-engineering-intern-ai-platform-phd-winter-2027-los-gatos-california-united-states-of-america?domain=netflix.com&microsite=netflix.com","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Electronic Arts","sourceCompany":"electronic-arts","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:fb06be12592a9417809b","title":"Software Engineer Intern","locationText":"Vancouver, BC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Vancouver","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-30T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.ea.com/en_US/careers/JobDetail/Software-Engineer-Intern/216227","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.ea.com/en_US/careers/JobDetail/Software-Engineer-Intern/216227","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Qualcomm","sourceCompany":"qualcomm","sourceType":"github-simplify-list","sourceName":"Simplify Summer 2027 Internships","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/SimplifyJobs/Summer2027-Internships","jobId":"github-simplify-list:13eb8d27ad8201dc859f","title":"Soft IP ASIC Engineer Intern","locationText":"Ottawa, ON, Canada","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Ottawa","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-29T20:42:21.322Z","applyUrl":"https://qualcomm.eightfold.ai/careers/job/446721302471?utm_source=Simplify&ref=Simplify","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Simplify / Pitt CSC"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.322Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://qualcomm.eightfold.ai/careers/job/446721302471","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"NVIDIA","sourceCompany":"nvidia","sourceType":"nvidia-workday","jobId":"JR2026584","title":"PhD Research Intern, AI Accelerator Design and VLSI - 2027","locationText":"US, CA, Santa Clara","countryCode":"US","city":"Santa Clara","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-29T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/PhD-Research-Intern--AI-Accelerator-Design-and-VLSI---2027_JR2026584-1","tags":["NVIDIA Careers","2100 NVIDIA USA"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:44:50.799Z","descriptionText":"$3c","key":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/PhD-Research-Intern--AI-Accelerator-Design-and-VLSI---2027_JR2026584-1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intact","sourceCompany":"intact","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:c3088efc9ffbc2ec3f23","title":"Software Developer 1 Intern/Co-op (Winter 2027)","locationText":"St. John's, NL","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"St. John's","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-29T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intactfc.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/intactfc/job/St-Johns-Newfoundland-and-Labrador-CAN/Software-Developer-I---4-months-internship--Co-op--Winter-2027-_R155972","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://intactfc.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/intactfc/job/St-Johns-Newfoundland-and-Labrador-CAN/Software-Developer-I---4-months-internship--Co-op--Winter-2027-_R155972","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Ciena","sourceCompany":"ciena","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:dc12fb02994ac63ccf22","title":"Hardware Design and Verification Intern, PCBA (Winter 2027)","locationText":"Ottawa, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Ottawa","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-29T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://ciena.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/Careers/job/Ottawa/Hardware--PCBA--Design-and-Verification-Intern--Winter-2027---4-Months-_R031787","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://ciena.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/Careers/job/Ottawa/Hardware--PCBA--Design-and-Verification-Intern--Winter-2027---4-Months-_R031787","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Moment Energy","sourceCompany":"moment-energy","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:d5a633f822719d676823","title":"Data Scientist Co-op (Winter 2027)","locationText":"Surrey, BC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Surrey","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-26T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/momentenergy/jobs/4421775009","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/momentenergy/jobs/4421775009","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Microsoft","sourceCompany":"microsoft","sourceType":"microsoft-pcsx","jobId":"1970393557008574","title":"Research Intern - Data Systems","locationText":"United States, Washington, Redmond","countryCode":"US","city":"Redmond","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-25T22:50:51.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393557008574?hl=en","tags":["Research Sciences","onsite"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:04.324Z","descriptionText":"$3d","key":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393557008574?hl=en","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0287314","title":"Software Solutions PhD Intern New 2027","locationText":"USA - OR - Hillsboro","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - OR - Hillsboro","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-25T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Software-Solutions-PhD-Intern-New-2027_JR0287314","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:12.579Z","descriptionText":"$3e","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Software-Solutions-PhD-Intern-New-2027_JR0287314","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0287457","title":"System Software Engineering - PhD Intern","locationText":"USA - OR - Hillsboro","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - OR - Hillsboro","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-25T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/System-Software-Engineering---PhD-Intern_JR0287457","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:12.579Z","descriptionText":"$3f","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/System-Software-Engineering---PhD-Intern_JR0287457","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Nokia","sourceCompany":"nokia","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:4f8b936ba6e73e5241c6","title":"Operations Analytics Co-op Intern (Winter 2027)","locationText":"Ottawa, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Ottawa","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-25T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://fa-evmr-saasfaprod1.fa.ocs.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX_1/job/40261","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://fa-evmr-saasfaprod1.fa.ocs.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX_1/job/40261","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Acuity","sourceCompany":"acuity","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:f8ce54cbeaead52ef2d8","title":"Firmware Development Intern","locationText":"Brossard, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Brossard","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-25T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers.acuityinc.com/job/Brossard-Stage-en-d%C3%A9veloppement-micrologicielfirmware-Qu%C3%A9b-J4Y-0C4/1434107300/?ats=successfactors","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://careers.acuityinc.com/job/Brossard-Stage-en-d%C3%A9veloppement-micrologicielfirmware-Qu%C3%A9b-J4Y-0C4/1434107300/?ats=successfactors","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Ciena","sourceCompany":"ciena","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:e2a5ca69c5a073634dd1","title":"Hardware Design and Verification Intern, PCBA (Winter 2027)","locationText":"Ottawa, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Ottawa","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-25T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://ciena.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/Careers/job/Canada--Ottawa--383-Terry-Fox--Bldg-C/Hardware--PCBA--Design-and-Verification-Intern--Winter-2027---4-months-_R031752","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://ciena.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/Careers/job/Canada--Ottawa--383-Terry-Fox--Bldg-C/Hardware--PCBA--Design-and-Verification-Intern--Winter-2027---4-months-_R031752","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"CIBC","sourceCompany":"cibc","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:491657c4865bcd85657a","title":"AI and Data Analytics and Reporting Analyst Co-op","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-25T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://cibc.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/campus/job/Toronto-ON/AI---Data-Analytics-and-Reporting-Analyst-Co-op_2619748","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://cibc.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/campus/job/Toronto-ON/AI---Data-Analytics-and-Reporting-Analyst-Co-op_2619748","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Stripe","sourceCompany":"stripe","sourceType":"stripe-careers-next-data","jobId":"8186442","title":"Financial Data Analyst Intern, Technical Operations","locationText":"Singapore","countryCode":"SG","city":"Singapore","employmentType":"Intern","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-24T21:24:36.123Z","applyUrl":"https://stripe.com/careers/listing/financial-data-analyst-intern-technical-operations/8186442","tags":["Payments","University"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:23.694Z","descriptionText":"Help increase the GDP of the internet as part of our Payments team.","key":"https://stripe.com/careers/listing/financial-data-analyst-intern-technical-operations/8186442","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Semtech","sourceCompany":"semtech","sourceType":"github-simplify-list","sourceName":"Simplify Summer 2027 Internships","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/SimplifyJobs/Summer2027-Internships","jobId":"github-simplify-list:afb9715c5538acbc4bb1","title":"Analog Design Engineer Intern","locationText":"Calgary, AB, Canada","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Calgary","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-24T20:42:21.322Z","applyUrl":"https://semtech.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/SemtechCareers/job/CAN---Calgary-AB/Analog-Design-Engineer-Intern_REQ3624?utm_source=Simplify&ref=Simplify","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Simplify / Pitt CSC"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.322Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://semtech.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/SemtechCareers/job/CAN---Calgary-AB/Analog-Design-Engineer-Intern_REQ3624","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Semtech","sourceCompany":"semtech","sourceType":"github-simplify-list","sourceName":"Simplify Summer 2027 Internships","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/SimplifyJobs/Summer2027-Internships","jobId":"github-simplify-list:2cc1ad94ade7e3184042","title":"Digital IC Design Intern","locationText":"Ottawa, ON, Canada","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Ottawa","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-24T20:42:21.322Z","applyUrl":"https://semtech.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/SemtechCareers/job/CAN---Ottawa-ON/Digital-IC-Design-Engineering-Intern_REQ3620?utm_source=Simplify&ref=Simplify","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Simplify / Pitt CSC"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.322Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://semtech.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/SemtechCareers/job/CAN---Ottawa-ON/Digital-IC-Design-Engineering-Intern_REQ3620","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Semtech","sourceCompany":"semtech","sourceType":"github-simplify-list","sourceName":"Simplify Summer 2027 Internships","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/SimplifyJobs/Summer2027-Internships","jobId":"github-simplify-list:5d5833f705518221fc33","title":"Analog Design Engineer Intern","locationText":"Calgary, AB, Canada","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Calgary","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-24T20:42:21.322Z","applyUrl":"https://semtech.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/SemtechCareers/job/CAN---Calgary-AB/Analog-Design-Engineer-Intern_REQ3623?utm_source=Simplify&ref=Simplify","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Simplify / Pitt CSC"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.322Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://semtech.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/SemtechCareers/job/CAN---Calgary-AB/Analog-Design-Engineer-Intern_REQ3623","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Semtech","sourceCompany":"semtech","sourceType":"github-simplify-list","sourceName":"Simplify Summer 2027 Internships","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/SimplifyJobs/Summer2027-Internships","jobId":"github-simplify-list:0eb49cfce9e6fc3b9846","title":"Analog Design Intern","locationText":"Ottawa, ON, Canada","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Ottawa","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-24T20:42:21.322Z","applyUrl":"https://semtech.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/SemtechCareers/job/CAN---Ottawa-ON/Analog-Design-Intern_REQ3625?utm_source=Simplify&ref=Simplify","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Simplify / Pitt CSC"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.322Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://semtech.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/SemtechCareers/job/CAN---Ottawa-ON/Analog-Design-Intern_REQ3625","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Semtech","sourceCompany":"semtech","sourceType":"github-simplify-list","sourceName":"Simplify Summer 2027 Internships","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/SimplifyJobs/Summer2027-Internships","jobId":"github-simplify-list:4b5cada17e8d02213153","title":"Analog Design Engineer Intern - Signal Integrity Products Group","locationText":"Burlington, ON, Canada","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Burlington","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-24T20:42:21.322Z","applyUrl":"https://semtech.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/SemtechCareers/job/CAN---Burlington-ON/Analog-Design-Engineer-Intern_REQ3622?utm_source=Simplify&ref=Simplify","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Simplify / Pitt CSC"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.322Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://semtech.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/SemtechCareers/job/CAN---Burlington-ON/Analog-Design-Engineer-Intern_REQ3622","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Cenovus Energy","sourceCompany":"cenovus-energy","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:50418867e60fdde3fd04","title":"Information Technology Student (Summer 2027)","locationText":"Calgary, AB","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Calgary","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"student","postedAt":"2026-09-24T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://cenovus.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/careers/job/CA-AB-Calgary/Student--IT--Data-Science-and-Software--Calgary--May-2027-_R-411145","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://cenovus.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/careers/job/CA-AB-Calgary/Student--IT--Data-Science-and-Software--Calgary--May-2027-_R-411145","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Acuity","sourceCompany":"acuity","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:951b49f56f4688ff8003","title":"Hardware Development Intern","locationText":"Brossard, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Brossard","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-24T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers.acuityinc.com/job/Brossard-Stagiaire-d%C3%A9veloppement-mat%C3%A9riel-(hardware)-Qu%C3%A9b-J4Y-0C4/1433678100/?ats=successfactors","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://careers.acuityinc.com/job/Brossard-Stagiaire-d%C3%A9veloppement-mat%C3%A9riel-(hardware)-Qu%C3%A9b-J4Y-0C4/1433678100/?ats=successfactors","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Semtech","sourceCompany":"semtech","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:38a4ea8e8f45ee18aa2a","title":"Firmware Design Intern (Summer 2027)","locationText":"Ottawa, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Ottawa","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-24T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://semtech.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/SemtechCareers/job/CAN---Ottawa-ON/Firmware-Design-Intern_REQ3617","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://semtech.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/SemtechCareers/job/CAN---Ottawa-ON/Firmware-Design-Intern_REQ3617","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Semtech","sourceCompany":"semtech","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:720cba2f79d85e83fe69","title":"Applications Engineering Intern","locationText":"Burlington, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Burlington","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-24T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://semtech.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/SemtechCareers/job/CAN---Burlington-ON/Applications-Engineering-Intern_REQ3616","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://semtech.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/SemtechCareers/job/CAN---Burlington-ON/Applications-Engineering-Intern_REQ3616","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Semtech","sourceCompany":"semtech","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:cedb6a9590714e1372e5","title":"Validation Engineering Intern (Summer 2027)","locationText":"Ottawa, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Ottawa","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-24T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://semtech.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/SemtechCareers/job/CAN---Ottawa-ON/Validation-Engineering-Intern_REQ3618","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://semtech.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/SemtechCareers/job/CAN---Ottawa-ON/Validation-Engineering-Intern_REQ3618","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Semtech","sourceCompany":"semtech","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:1ac627a3c3a7e5f3ea1d","title":"Applications Engineer Intern","locationText":"Burlington, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Burlington","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-24T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://semtech.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/SemtechCareers/job/CAN---Burlington-ON/Applications-Engineering-Intern_REQ3615","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://semtech.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/SemtechCareers/job/CAN---Burlington-ON/Applications-Engineering-Intern_REQ3615","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Semtech","sourceCompany":"semtech","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:75f1e8820bea130bd786","title":"Validation Engineering Intern (Summer 2027)","locationText":"Burlington, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Burlington","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-24T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://semtech.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/SemtechCareers/job/CAN---Burlington-ON/Validation-Engineering-Intern_REQ3628","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://semtech.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/SemtechCareers/job/CAN---Burlington-ON/Validation-Engineering-Intern_REQ3628","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Marvell","sourceCompany":"marvell","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:6f5d56ccfa82592afc10","title":"Analog Design Intern, BS, 2027 Co-op","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-24T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://marvell.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/MarvellCareers/job/Analog-Design-Intern---BS---2027-Co-Op_2604788","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://marvell.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/MarvellCareers/job/Analog-Design-Intern---BS---2027-Co-Op_2604788","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Marvell","sourceCompany":"marvell","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:0536ab2ae23b0f8cedfd","title":"Analog Design Intern, Master’s, 2027 Co-op","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-24T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://marvell.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/MarvellCareers/job/Toronto-Canada/Analog-Design-Intern--Master-s---2027-Co-Op_2603862","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://marvell.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/MarvellCareers/job/Toronto-Canada/Analog-Design-Intern--Master-s---2027-Co-Op_2603862","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Marvell","sourceCompany":"marvell","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:201722cc19be724492eb","title":"Analog and Mixed Signal Layout Engineer Intern, 2027 Co-Op","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-24T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://marvell.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/MarvellCareers/job/Toronto-Canada/AMS-Layout-Engineer-Intern---BS---2027-Co-Op_2604790","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://marvell.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/MarvellCareers/job/Toronto-Canada/AMS-Layout-Engineer-Intern---BS---2027-Co-Op_2604790","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Royal Bank of Canada","sourceCompany":"royal-bank-of-canada","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:4e9b74f1d190a39f2b46","title":"Quantum Technologies Intern (Winter 2027)","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-24T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://rbc.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/RBCEARLYTALENT1/job/TORONTO-Ontario-Canada/XMLNAME-2027-Winter-Student-Opportunities-Technology---Operations---Quantum-Computing-Specialist--8-Months_R-0000188860-1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://rbc.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/RBCEARLYTALENT1/job/TORONTO-Ontario-Canada/XMLNAME-2027-Winter-Student-Opportunities-Technology---Operations---Quantum-Computing-Specialist--8-Months_R-0000188860-1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Marvell","sourceCompany":"marvell","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:f32aed0d04cce5c42f37","title":"Data Center Silicon Hardware Engineering Intern Co-op","locationText":"Toronto, ON / Ottawa, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-24T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://marvell.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/MarvellCareers/job/Ottawa-Canada/Data-Center-Silicon-Hardware-Engineering-Intern---BS---2027-Co-Op_2604525","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://marvell.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/MarvellCareers/job/Ottawa-Canada/Data-Center-Silicon-Hardware-Engineering-Intern---BS---2027-Co-Op_2604525","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"NVIDIA","sourceCompany":"nvidia","sourceType":"nvidia-workday","jobId":"JR2025025","title":"PhD Research Intern, Physical AI - Foundation Models - 2027","locationText":"US, CA, Santa Clara","countryCode":"US","city":"Santa Clara","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-23T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/PhD-Research-Intern--Generative-AI-for-Physical-AI---2027_JR2025025","tags":["NVIDIA Careers","2100 NVIDIA USA"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:44:50.799Z","descriptionText":"$40","key":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/PhD-Research-Intern--Generative-AI-for-Physical-AI---2027_JR2025025","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"NVIDIA","sourceCompany":"nvidia","sourceType":"nvidia-workday","jobId":"JR2026471","title":"PhD Research Intern, Electronic Design Automation - 2027","locationText":"US, CA, Santa Clara","countryCode":"US","city":"Santa Clara","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-23T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/PhD-Research-Intern--Electronic-Design-Automation---2027_JR2026471","tags":["NVIDIA Careers","2100 NVIDIA USA"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:44:50.799Z","descriptionText":"$41","key":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/PhD-Research-Intern--Electronic-Design-Automation---2027_JR2026471","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"NVIDIA","sourceCompany":"nvidia","sourceType":"nvidia-workday","jobId":"JR2026004","title":"PhD Research Intern, Quantum Simulation and AI - 2027","locationText":"US, CA, Santa Clara","countryCode":"US","city":"Santa Clara","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-23T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/PhD-Research-Intern--Quantum-Simulation-and-AI---2027_JR2026004","tags":["NVIDIA Careers","2100 NVIDIA USA"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:44:50.799Z","descriptionText":"$42","key":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/PhD-Research-Intern--Quantum-Simulation-and-AI---2027_JR2026004","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Qualcomm","sourceCompany":"qualcomm","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:73fcbe1694a9dd8e1ddf","title":"PAL Firmware Development Internship (Summer 2027)","locationText":"Markham, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Markham","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-23T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://qualcomm.eightfold.ai/careers/job/446721229661","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://qualcomm.eightfold.ai/careers/job/446721229661","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Mackenzie Investments","sourceCompany":"mackenzie-investments","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:23a818d757710389f45c","title":"Portfolio Strategy, Research, Governance and Oversight Intern (Winter 2027)","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-23T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careersen-mackenzieinvestments.icims.com/jobs/6014/job?mobile=true&needsRedirect=false","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://careersen-mackenzieinvestments.icims.com/jobs/6014/job?mobile=true&needsRedirect=false","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Entrust","sourceCompany":"entrust","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:59c8f54edd5a89cb0872","title":"Software Development Intern (Winter 2027)","locationText":"Ottawa, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Ottawa","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-23T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://entrust.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/entrustcareers/job/Canada---Ottawa/Intern--Software-Development---Hybrid-in-Ottawa_R004360","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://entrust.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/entrustcareers/job/Canada---Ottawa/Intern--Software-Development---Hybrid-in-Ottawa_R004360","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Entrust","sourceCompany":"entrust","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:6f5b67dcdf58595d0777","title":"Software Development Intern (Winter 2027)","locationText":"Ottawa, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Ottawa","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-23T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://entrust.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/entrustcareers/job/Canada---Ottawa/XMLNAME--Intern---Software-Development----8-months---Hybrid-Ottawa_R004359","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://entrust.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/entrustcareers/job/Canada---Ottawa/XMLNAME--Intern---Software-Development----8-months---Hybrid-Ottawa_R004359","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:d163b4777b2fe2d0b450","title":"Firmware Development Undergraduate Engineering Co-op (Winter 2027)","locationText":"Remote, Canada","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Remote","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-23T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/en-us/external/job/Virtual-Canada/Firmware-Development-Undergraduate-Engineering-Co-op_JR0286862","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/en-us/external/job/Virtual-Canada/Firmware-Development-Undergraduate-Engineering-Co-op_JR0286862","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intact","sourceCompany":"intact","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:527e099092d99878bfee","title":"Android Developer Intern Co-op (Winter 2027)","locationText":"Montreal, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-23T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intactfc.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/intactfc/job/Montral-Quebec-CAN/Android-Developer--4-months-Internship-Coop--Winter-2027---_R155691","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://intactfc.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/intactfc/job/Montral-Quebec-CAN/Android-Developer--4-months-Internship-Coop--Winter-2027---_R155691","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Analog Devices","sourceCompany":"analog-devices","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:b0fb4b92ee08ea54eb4e","title":"Embedded Software Engineer Intern","locationText":"Toronto, ON / Vancouver, BC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-23T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://analogdevices.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/Canada-Toronto/Embedded-Software-Engineer_R266615","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://analogdevices.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/Canada-Toronto/Embedded-Software-Engineer_R266615","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Teledyne","sourceCompany":"teledyne","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:afc2a508803d953b565c","title":"Industrialization and Statistical Analysis Intern","locationText":"Bromont, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Bromont","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-23T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://flir.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/flircareers/job/Canada---Bromont-QC-TDY/Stagiaire-en-industrialisation-et-analyse-statistique_REQ36708","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://flir.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/flircareers/job/Canada---Bromont-QC-TDY/Stagiaire-en-industrialisation-et-analyse-statistique_REQ36708","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Stripe","sourceCompany":"stripe","sourceType":"stripe-careers-next-data","jobId":"8186367","title":"Integration Reliability Engineer Intern, Technical Operations","locationText":"Singapore","countryCode":"SG","city":"Singapore","employmentType":"Intern","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-22T19:33:06.695Z","applyUrl":"https://stripe.com/careers/listing/integration-reliability-engineer-intern-technical-operations/8186367","tags":["Payments","University"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:23.694Z","descriptionText":"Help increase the GDP of the internet as part of our Payments team.","key":"https://stripe.com/careers/listing/integration-reliability-engineer-intern-technical-operations/8186367","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"NVIDIA","sourceCompany":"nvidia","sourceType":"nvidia-workday","jobId":"JR2025511","title":"Physical Design and Timing Engineer Intern - Summer 2027","locationText":"US, CA, Santa Clara","countryCode":"US","city":"Santa Clara","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-22T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/Physical-Design-and-Timing-Engineer-Intern---Summer-2027_JR2025511","tags":["NVIDIA Careers","2100 NVIDIA USA"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:44:50.799Z","descriptionText":"$43","key":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/Physical-Design-and-Timing-Engineer-Intern---Summer-2027_JR2025511","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Electronic Arts","sourceCompany":"electronic-arts","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:c7d584c36e09c2002d1d","title":"Rendering Engineer Intern (Summer 2027)","locationText":"Vancouver, BC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Vancouver","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-22T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.ea.com/en_US/careers/JobDetail/Rendering-Engineer-Intern/216222","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://jobs.ea.com/en_US/careers/JobDetail/Rendering-Engineer-Intern/216222","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Electronic Arts","sourceCompany":"electronic-arts","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:fb96256f9c136e333586","title":"AI Engineer Intern (Summer 2027)","locationText":"Vancouver, BC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Vancouver","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-22T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.ea.com/en_US/careers/JobDetail/AI-Engineer/216236","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.ea.com/en_US/careers/JobDetail/AI-Engineer/216236","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"L3Harris Technologies","sourceCompany":"l3harris-technologies","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:01d5e6cf8e4c6e6b94c9","title":"Software Engineer Co-op","locationText":"Waterdown, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Waterdown","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-22T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.l3harris.com/job/Waterdown-Software-Engineering-Co-Op-(Waterdown,-CAN)-ON-L9H-0C5/1432400300/?ats=successfactors","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.l3harris.com/job/Waterdown-Software-Engineering-Co-Op-(Waterdown,-CAN)-ON-L9H-0C5/1432400300/?ats=successfactors","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Marvell","sourceCompany":"marvell","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:d54d1feded6117686d38","title":"Firmware Engineer Intern","locationText":"Toronto, ON,","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-22T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://marvell.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/MarvellCareers/job/CA-ON---Toronto---TOR/Firmware-Engineer-Intern_2603751","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://marvell.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/MarvellCareers/job/CA-ON---Toronto---TOR/Firmware-Engineer-Intern_2603751","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"CIBC","sourceCompany":"cibc","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:d66333070c82fb120969","title":"Software/Application Developer Co-op (Winter 2026)","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-22T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://cibc.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/campus/job/Toronto-ON/Software-Application-Developer-Co-op_2619461","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://cibc.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/campus/job/Toronto-ON/Software-Application-Developer-Co-op_2619461","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Ciena","sourceCompany":"ciena","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:71db7083c045137e999d","title":"ASIC Engineer Intern (Winter 2027)","locationText":"Ottawa, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Ottawa","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-22T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://ciena.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/Careers/job/Ottawa/ASIC-Engineer-Intern_R031750","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://ciena.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/Careers/job/Ottawa/ASIC-Engineer-Intern_R031750","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Vanderlande Industries","sourceCompany":"vanderlande-industries","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:c506cd18751dfbe9ba4f","title":"Software Development Intern","locationText":"Québec City, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Québec City","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-22T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://vanderlande.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/careers/job/Quebec-Canada/Stage---Dveloppement-logiciel_JR38017","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://vanderlande.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/careers/job/Quebec-Canada/Stage---Dveloppement-logiciel_JR38017","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Vanderlande Industries","sourceCompany":"vanderlande-industries","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:cced1e65e985291e94a9","title":"Software Development Intern","locationText":"Québec City, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Québec City","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-22T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://vanderlande.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/careers/job/Quebec-Canada/Stage---Dveloppement-logiciel_JR38019","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://vanderlande.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/careers/job/Quebec-Canada/Stage---Dveloppement-logiciel_JR38019","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Danaher","sourceCompany":"danaher","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:f4493cb4b3b7d68dd293","title":"Hardware Engineer Co-op","locationText":"Concord, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Concord","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-22T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://danaher.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/DanaherJobs/job/Concord-Ontario-Canada/Hardware-Engineering-Co-op_R1317537","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://danaher.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/DanaherJobs/job/Concord-Ontario-Canada/Hardware-Engineering-Co-op_R1317537","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Microsoft","sourceCompany":"microsoft","sourceType":"microsoft-pcsx","jobId":"1970393556998658","title":"Critical Environment Ops INTERN","locationText":"Canada, Ontario, Toronto","countryCode":"CA","city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-21T21:10:26.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556998658?hl=en","tags":["Critical Environment Ops","onsite"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:04.324Z","descriptionText":"$44","key":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556998658?hl=en","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Microsoft","sourceCompany":"microsoft","sourceType":"microsoft-pcsx","jobId":"1970393556999301","title":"Finance Manager: MBA Internship Opportunities","locationText":"United States, Washington, Redmond","countryCode":"US","city":"Redmond","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-21T07:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556999301?hl=en","tags":["Financial Analysis","onsite"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:04.324Z","descriptionText":"$45","key":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556999301?hl=en","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Microsoft","sourceCompany":"microsoft","sourceType":"microsoft-pcsx","jobId":"1970393556999320","title":"Treasury Finance Manager: MBA Internship Opportunities","locationText":"United States, Washington, Redmond","countryCode":"US","city":"Redmond","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-21T07:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556999320?hl=en","tags":["Financial Analysis","onsite"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:04.324Z","descriptionText":"$46","key":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556999320?hl=en","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"NVIDIA","sourceCompany":"nvidia","sourceType":"nvidia-workday","jobId":"JR2025405","title":"PhD Research Intern, Learning Embodied Skills from Human Data - 2027","locationText":"US, CA, Santa Clara","countryCode":"US","city":"Santa Clara","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-21T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/PhD-Research-Intern--Learning-Embodied-Skills-from-Human-Data---2027_JR2025405","tags":["NVIDIA Careers","2100 NVIDIA USA"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:44:50.799Z","descriptionText":"$47","key":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/PhD-Research-Intern--Learning-Embodied-Skills-from-Human-Data---2027_JR2025405","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"NVIDIA","sourceCompany":"nvidia","sourceType":"nvidia-workday","jobId":"JR2025098","title":"PhD Research Intern, Networking - 2027","locationText":"US, CA, Santa Clara","countryCode":"US","city":"Santa Clara","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-21T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/PhD-Research-Intern--Networking---2027_JR2025098","tags":["NVIDIA Careers","2100 NVIDIA USA"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:44:50.799Z","descriptionText":"$48","key":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/PhD-Research-Intern--Networking---2027_JR2025098","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"NVIDIA","sourceCompany":"nvidia","sourceType":"nvidia-workday","jobId":"JR2024997","title":"PhD Research Intern, Quantum and AI for Chemistry - 2027","locationText":"Canada, Toronto","countryCode":"CA","city":"Canada","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-21T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/Canada-Toronto/PhD-Research-Intern--Quantum-and-AI-for-Chemistry---2027_JR2024997","tags":["NVIDIA Careers","CA01 NVIDIA Canada Dev. Inc."],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:44:50.799Z","descriptionText":"$49","key":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/Canada-Toronto/PhD-Research-Intern--Quantum-and-AI-for-Chemistry---2027_JR2024997","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Rodan Energy Solutions","sourceCompany":"rodan-energy-solutions","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:25ee8efd8bd0bb508856","title":"Data Operations Engineer AI Co-op (Winter 2027)","locationText":"Mississauga, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Mississauga","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-21T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://rodanenergysolutionsinc.applytojob.com/apply/baC6tVrSpB/Data-Operations-Engineer-AI-Coop-Student-Winter-2027","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://rodanenergysolutionsinc.applytojob.com/apply/baC6tVrSpB/Data-Operations-Engineer-AI-Coop-Student-Winter-2027","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"CAE","sourceCompany":"cae","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:1a2607a49bfdfebf8836","title":"C++ CGF Unreal Developer Intern","locationText":"Montreal, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-21T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://cae.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/career/job/Montreal-St-Laurent/C-GE-416---Stagiaire-dveloppeur-se--C---CGF-Unreal_123656","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://cae.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/career/job/Montreal-St-Laurent/C-GE-416---Stagiaire-dveloppeur-se--C---CGF-Unreal_123656","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"CAE","sourceCompany":"cae","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:1f7a65773df994e361fb","title":"Business Intelligence Analyst & Developer Intern","locationText":"Montreal, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-21T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://cae.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/career/job/Montreal-St-Laurent/C-GE-917---Stagaire-en-analyste-et-dveloppeur-en-Intelligence-d-affaires_123723","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://cae.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/career/job/Montreal-St-Laurent/C-GE-917---Stagaire-en-analyste-et-dveloppeur-en-Intelligence-d-affaires_123723","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"CAE","sourceCompany":"cae","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:f27777a2c7db8bf00b85","title":"Integration Specialist Defense & Security Intern","locationText":"Montreal, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-21T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://cae.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/career/job/Montreal-St-Laurent/C-GE-470---Spcialiste-d-intgration-Dfense-et-scurit_120963","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://cae.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/career/job/Montreal-St-Laurent/C-GE-470---Spcialiste-d-intgration-Dfense-et-scurit_120963","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"CAE","sourceCompany":"cae","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:3d1aeada821a6ecdad40","title":"Software Developer Intern, Content Creation Tools","locationText":"Montreal, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-21T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://cae.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/career/job/Montreal-St-Laurent/C-GE-017---Stagiaire-dveloppeur-se--de-logiciels_123658","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://cae.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/career/job/Montreal-St-Laurent/C-GE-017---Stagiaire-dveloppeur-se--de-logiciels_123658","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"CAE","sourceCompany":"cae","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:3d334db06b84d28e44c5","title":"Software Developer Intern, Immersive","locationText":"Montreal, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-21T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://cae.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/career/job/Montreal-St-Laurent/C-GE-112-Stagiaire-dveloppeur-se--logiciel---Environnement-immersif_123653-1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://cae.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/career/job/Montreal-St-Laurent/C-GE-112-Stagiaire-dveloppeur-se--logiciel---Environnement-immersif_123653-1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"CAE","sourceCompany":"cae","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:ee8d310307eda5764424","title":"Unreal Engine Developer Intern","locationText":"Montreal, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-21T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://cae.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/career/job/Montreal-St-Laurent/C-GE-900---Dveloppeur-se--Engin-Unreal_123654","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://cae.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/career/job/Montreal-St-Laurent/C-GE-900---Dveloppeur-se--Engin-Unreal_123654","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"CAE","sourceCompany":"cae","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:c4b11ff05c0660842d78","title":"Software Developer Intern, Software","locationText":"Montreal, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-21T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://cae.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/career/job/Montreal-St-Laurent/C-GE-950---Dveloppeur-se--logiciel_123688","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://cae.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/career/job/Montreal-St-Laurent/C-GE-950---Dveloppeur-se--logiciel_123688","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"CAE","sourceCompany":"cae","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:8767b2f5147e20990b95","title":"C++ Backend Developer Intern, Image Generator","locationText":"Montreal, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-21T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://cae.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/career/job/Montreal-St-Laurent/C-GE-925---Dveloppeur-se--C-----Back-end--_123655","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://cae.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/career/job/Montreal-St-Laurent/C-GE-925---Dveloppeur-se--C-----Back-end--_123655","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0287132","title":"Process Integration and Yield Engineering PhD Intern","locationText":"USA - OR - Hillsboro","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - OR - Hillsboro","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-20T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Process-Integration-and-Yield-Engineering-PhD-Intern_JR0287132","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:12.579Z","descriptionText":"$4a","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Process-Integration-and-Yield-Engineering-PhD-Intern_JR0287132","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Achievers","sourceCompany":"achievers","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:e60a4846ea567298680b","title":"Software Engineer Co-op","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-19T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.lever.co/achievers/e0700fce-b33b-435a-ab90-84bbd677e181/","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.lever.co/achievers/e0700fce-b33b-435a-ab90-84bbd677e181/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Autodesk","sourceCompany":"autodesk","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:c16f1ac7be6d166fd094","title":"Product Management Intern","locationText":"Montreal, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-19T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://autodesk.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/uni/job/Montreal-QC-CAN/Product-Management-Intern--Stagiaire-Gestion-de-Produit_26WD101135-1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://autodesk.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/uni/job/Montreal-QC-CAN/Product-Management-Intern--Stagiaire-Gestion-de-Produit_26WD101135-1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"The Brattle Group","sourceCompany":"the-brattle-group","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:1d9605140bdbec9c84fb","title":"Energy Analyst Intern (Economics)","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-18T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/thebrattlegroup/jobs/4736066005","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/thebrattlegroup/jobs/4736066005","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Qualcomm","sourceCompany":"qualcomm","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:f5052ab4d03eab3b5a4e","title":"IP Applications Engineering Intern","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-18T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://qualcomm.eightfold.ai/careers/job/446721156615","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://qualcomm.eightfold.ai/careers/job/446721156615","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Qualcomm","sourceCompany":"qualcomm","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:336deb596dbd0a6c8741","title":"MSIP Digital Design Verification Engineering Intern","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-18T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://qualcomm.eightfold.ai/careers/job/446721156800","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://qualcomm.eightfold.ai/careers/job/446721156800","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Qualcomm","sourceCompany":"qualcomm","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:e1ceeebabd25143cc20f","title":"Silicon Validation Engineer, Electrical and Optical Systems Internship","locationText":"Ottawa, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Ottawa","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-18T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://qualcomm.eightfold.ai/careers/job/446721156176","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://qualcomm.eightfold.ai/careers/job/446721156176","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"FluidAI Medical","sourceCompany":"fluidai-medical","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:ff6769a4419f9f1e4046","title":"Data and AI Engineering Associate","locationText":"Kitchener, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Kitchener","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"student","postedAt":"2026-09-18T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://ats.rippling.com/fluidai-medical-careers/jobs/e52b9e0d-0c04-42be-8da6-288203e18e52","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://ats.rippling.com/fluidai-medical-careers/jobs/e52b9e0d-0c04-42be-8da6-288203e18e52","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"BGIS","sourceCompany":"bgis","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:c7b4a510988033534436","title":"Asset Management Analyst Intern","locationText":"Markham, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Markham","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-18T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://fa-evcg-saasfaprod1.fa.ocs.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX_1/job/233080","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://fa-evcg-saasfaprod1.fa.ocs.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX_1/job/233080","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Amazon","sourceCompany":"amazon","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:1391b85eb5dd0888d261","title":"Software Development Engineer Intern","locationText":"Vancouver, BC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Vancouver","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-18T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://amazon.jobs/en/jobs/10553947/software-development-engineer-intern-summer-2027-can","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://amazon.jobs/en/jobs/10553947/software-development-engineer-intern-summer-2027-can","hot":true,"hidden":false},{"company":"Qualcomm","sourceCompany":"qualcomm","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:5cc8f823993c19845c6a","title":"Low Power AI Software Development Internship","locationText":"Markham, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Markham","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-18T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://qualcomm.eightfold.ai/careers/job/446721143440","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://qualcomm.eightfold.ai/careers/job/446721143440","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Qualcomm","sourceCompany":"qualcomm","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:61cc58f41f8992fe6759","title":"Silicon Validation Intern","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-18T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://qualcomm.eightfold.ai/careers/job/446721143274","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://qualcomm.eightfold.ai/careers/job/446721143274","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"TRC Companies","sourceCompany":"trc-companies","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:f82f7d30a62b977d0d43","title":"Software Engineer Intern","locationText":"Calgary, AB","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Calgary","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-18T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers.trccompanies.com/jobs/26840?icims=1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://careers.trccompanies.com/jobs/26840?icims=1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Rockwell Automation","sourceCompany":"rockwell-automation","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:f07ee416458dc1d99c65","title":"Robotics Research Co-op, Data Engineering","locationText":"Waterloo, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Waterloo","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-18T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://rockwellautomation.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External-Rockwell-Automation-Early-Careers/job/Waterloo-Ontario-Canada/Co-op--Robotics-Research---Data-Engineering--OTTO-at-Rockwell-Automation-_R26-6871","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://rockwellautomation.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External-Rockwell-Automation-Early-Careers/job/Waterloo-Ontario-Canada/Co-op--Robotics-Research---Data-Engineering--OTTO-at-Rockwell-Automation-_R26-6871","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"NVIDIA","sourceCompany":"nvidia","sourceType":"nvidia-workday","jobId":"JR2024174","title":"PhD Research Intern, Circuits - 2027","locationText":"US, CA, Santa Clara","countryCode":"US","city":"Santa Clara","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-17T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/PhD-Research-Intern--Circuits---2027_JR2024174","tags":["NVIDIA Careers","2100 NVIDIA USA"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:44:50.799Z","descriptionText":"$4b","key":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/PhD-Research-Intern--Circuits---2027_JR2024174","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"NVIDIA","sourceCompany":"nvidia","sourceType":"nvidia-workday","jobId":"JR2025893","title":"PhD Research Intern, Hardware and Systems Architecture - 2027","locationText":"US, CA, Santa Clara","countryCode":"US","city":"Santa Clara","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-17T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/PhD-Research-Intern--Hardware-and-Systems-Architecture---2027_JR2025893","tags":["NVIDIA Careers","2100 NVIDIA USA"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:44:50.799Z","descriptionText":"$4c","key":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/PhD-Research-Intern--Hardware-and-Systems-Architecture---2027_JR2025893","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"NVIDIA","sourceCompany":"nvidia","sourceType":"nvidia-workday","jobId":"JR2025103","title":"PhD Research Intern, Generalist Embodied Agents Research - 2027","locationText":"US, CA, Santa Clara","countryCode":"US","city":"Santa Clara","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-17T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/PhD-Research-Intern--Generalist-Embodied-Agents-Research---2027_JR2025103","tags":["NVIDIA Careers","2100 NVIDIA USA"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:44:50.799Z","descriptionText":"$4d","key":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/PhD-Research-Intern--Generalist-Embodied-Agents-Research---2027_JR2025103","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"NVIDIA","sourceCompany":"nvidia","sourceType":"nvidia-workday","jobId":"JR2025395","title":"PhD Research Intern, Architecture – 2027","locationText":"US, CA, Santa Clara","countryCode":"US","city":"Santa Clara","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-17T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/PhD-Research-Intern--Architecture---2027_JR2025395","tags":["NVIDIA Careers","2100 NVIDIA USA"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:44:50.799Z","descriptionText":"$4e","key":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/PhD-Research-Intern--Architecture---2027_JR2025395","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Tower Research Capital","sourceCompany":"tower-research-capital","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:a25604294bd5d0479bc1","title":"Software Developer Intern","locationText":"Montreal, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-17T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://www.tower-research.com/open-positions/?gh_jid=8212179","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://www.tower-research.com/open-positions/?gh_jid=8212179","hot":true,"hidden":false},{"company":"Qualcomm","sourceCompany":"qualcomm","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:ad5697429398d4277fef","title":"MSIP Design Methodology Engineering Internship","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-17T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://qualcomm.eightfold.ai/careers/job/446721140936","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://qualcomm.eightfold.ai/careers/job/446721140936","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Qualcomm","sourceCompany":"qualcomm","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:d7fa97c66684c57019d1","title":"Firmware/Embedded Software Engineering Internship","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-17T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://qualcomm.eightfold.ai/careers/job/446721141411","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://qualcomm.eightfold.ai/careers/job/446721141411","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Qualcomm","sourceCompany":"qualcomm","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:b8de082a96bca8ccd05b","title":"Physical Mixed Layout Engineering Internship","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-17T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://qualcomm.eightfold.ai/careers/job/446721142985","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://qualcomm.eightfold.ai/careers/job/446721142985","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Qualcomm","sourceCompany":"qualcomm","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:08785508fd09a2aa2692","title":"Analog Design Intern","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-17T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://qualcomm.eightfold.ai/careers/job/446721140914","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://qualcomm.eightfold.ai/careers/job/446721140914","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"4AG Robotics","sourceCompany":"4ag-robotics","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:ec2740360df455efb09c","title":"AI Co-op Student","locationText":"Salmon Arm, BC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Salmon Arm","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-17T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://ats.rippling.com/4ag/jobs/921801f5-ae83-4a49-a234-221a87d94fe7","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://ats.rippling.com/4ag/jobs/921801f5-ae83-4a49-a234-221a87d94fe7","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"4AG Robotics","sourceCompany":"4ag-robotics","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:470d02c33b631e8e225c","title":"Robotics Software Co-op","locationText":"Salmon Arm, BC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Salmon Arm","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-17T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://ats.rippling.com/4ag/jobs/71d97d10-87f2-4f53-88b7-97f27f392d24","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://ats.rippling.com/4ag/jobs/71d97d10-87f2-4f53-88b7-97f27f392d24","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Alayacare","sourceCompany":"alayacare","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:4ad50208b783210689c2","title":"Fullstack Developer Intern","locationText":"Montreal, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-17T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://alayacare.com/open-positions?gh_jid=8811336002","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://alayacare.com/open-positions?gh_jid=8811336002","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Microsoft","sourceCompany":"microsoft","sourceType":"microsoft-pcsx","jobId":"1970393556982928","title":"Data Science: PhD Internship Opportunities - Redmond","locationText":"United States, Washington, Redmond","countryCode":"US","city":"Redmond","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-16T21:15:46.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556982928?hl=en","tags":["Data Science","onsite"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:04.324Z","descriptionText":"$4f","key":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556982928?hl=en","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"NVIDIA","sourceCompany":"nvidia","sourceType":"nvidia-workday","jobId":"JR2025406","title":"PhD Research Intern, Fundamental Generative AI - 2027","locationText":"US, CA, Santa Clara","countryCode":"US","city":"Santa Clara","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-16T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/Research-Intern--Fundamental-Generative-AI---2027_JR2025406","tags":["NVIDIA Careers","2100 NVIDIA USA"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:44:50.799Z","descriptionText":"$50","key":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/Research-Intern--Fundamental-Generative-AI---2027_JR2025406","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0286502","title":"Operations Research, Engineering Analytics Graduate Intern","locationText":"USA - AZ - Chandler","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - AZ - Chandler","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-16T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Arizona-Phoenix/Operations-Research--Engineering-Analytics-Graduate-Intern_JR0286502","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:12.579Z","descriptionText":"$51","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Arizona-Phoenix/Operations-Research--Engineering-Analytics-Graduate-Intern_JR0286502","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Apera AI","sourceCompany":"apera-ai","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:d68791633ec20e12c3bc","title":"Software Developer Co-op, Full Stack","locationText":"Vancouver, BC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Vancouver","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-16T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/aperaaiinc/jobs/5240259007","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/aperaaiinc/jobs/5240259007","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Apera AI","sourceCompany":"apera-ai","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:5eb0ba97b3e5e9f67e22","title":"Software Developer Co-op, C++","locationText":"Vancouver, BC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Vancouver","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-16T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/aperaaiinc/jobs/5239394007","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/aperaaiinc/jobs/5239394007","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Apera AI","sourceCompany":"apera-ai","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:66cb4b1db468bb623d3c","title":"Machine Learning Applied Scientist Co-op","locationText":"Vancouver, BC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Vancouver","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-16T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/aperaaiinc/jobs/5239440007","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/aperaaiinc/jobs/5239440007","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Superhuman","sourceCompany":"superhuman","sourceType":"github-simplify-list","sourceName":"Simplify Summer 2027 Internships","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/SimplifyJobs/Summer2027-Internships","jobId":"github-simplify-list:14c2260fcbe98f041e2e","title":"Software Engineer Intern","locationText":"Toronto, ON, Canada","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-15T20:42:21.322Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/Superhuman%20Platform%20Inc/5f1f25ee-709d-4ae0-ada4-d1f243bde89c/application?embed=true&utm_source=Simplify&ref=Simplify","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Simplify / Pitt CSC"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.322Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/Superhuman%20Platform%20Inc/5f1f25ee-709d-4ae0-ada4-d1f243bde89c/application?embed=true","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Apple","sourceCompany":"apple","sourceType":"apple-careers-html","jobId":"200683293-5490","title":"PMU Design Verification Intern","locationText":"Swindon, United Kingdom","countryCode":"GB","city":"Swindon","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-15T12:25:37.861Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200683293-5490/pmu-design-verification-intern?team=STDNT","tags":["Hardware","Students"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:44:11.442Z","descriptionText":"$52","key":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200683293-5490/pmu-design-verification-intern?team=STDNT","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0286916","title":"Module Engineering PhD Intern Summer 2027","locationText":"USA - OR - Hillsboro","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - OR - Hillsboro","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-15T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Module-Engineering-PhD-Intern-Summer-2027_JR0286916","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:12.579Z","descriptionText":"$53","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Module-Engineering-PhD-Intern-Summer-2027_JR0286916","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Qualcomm","sourceCompany":"qualcomm","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:889a830547ae16616902","title":"Sensors Subsystem Engineering Intern, Low-Power AI, Audio","locationText":"Markham, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Markham","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-15T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://qualcomm.eightfold.ai/careers/job/446721109229","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://qualcomm.eightfold.ai/careers/job/446721109229","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Qualcomm","sourceCompany":"qualcomm","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:597ba93bdd0ff9b9744a","title":"Sensors Subsystem Engineering Intern","locationText":"Markham, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Markham","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-15T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://qualcomm.eightfold.ai/careers/job/446721109168","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://qualcomm.eightfold.ai/careers/job/446721109168","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Equitable Bank","sourceCompany":"equitable-bank","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:eb411b0bf88dfbe538cf","title":"Credit Risk Intern","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-15T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.lever.co/eqbank/de711d74-f78a-4cdd-a4a1-fdaa6e6602c3/","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.lever.co/eqbank/de711d74-f78a-4cdd-a4a1-fdaa6e6602c3/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Equitable Bank","sourceCompany":"equitable-bank","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:2008ee329bf26cb71daf","title":"Data Scientist Intern","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-15T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.lever.co/eqbank/b152bad3-df48-4049-9d44-ba7e57ea6499/","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.lever.co/eqbank/b152bad3-df48-4049-9d44-ba7e57ea6499/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Nokia","sourceCompany":"nokia","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:1f1b7ce806cb3e110cdb","title":"Incubation Developer Student Intern","locationText":"Ottawa, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Ottawa","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-15T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://fa-evmr-saasfaprod1.fa.ocs.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX_1/job/39968","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://fa-evmr-saasfaprod1.fa.ocs.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX_1/job/39968","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"L3Harris Technologies","sourceCompany":"l3harris-technologies","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:ddca5fdeea913a2d2dac","title":"Software Engineering Co-op","locationText":"Waterdown, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Waterdown","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-15T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.l3harris.com/job/Waterdown-Software-Engineering-Co-Op-(Waterdown,-CAN)-ON-L9H-0C5/1430128900/?ats=successfactors","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.l3harris.com/job/Waterdown-Software-Engineering-Co-Op-(Waterdown,-CAN)-ON-L9H-0C5/1430128900/?ats=successfactors","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"L3Harris Technologies","sourceCompany":"l3harris-technologies","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:288665503e3cbbadb27a","title":"FPGA Software Tool Developer Co-op","locationText":"Waterdown, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Waterdown","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-15T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.l3harris.com/job/Waterdown-FPGA-Software-Tool-Developer-Co-Op-(Waterdown,-CAN)-ON-L9H-0C5/1430127100/?ats=successfactors","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.l3harris.com/job/Waterdown-FPGA-Software-Tool-Developer-Co-Op-(Waterdown,-CAN)-ON-L9H-0C5/1430127100/?ats=successfactors","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"L3Harris Technologies","sourceCompany":"l3harris-technologies","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:d75123986b11e1483844","title":"Full Stack Developer Co-op","locationText":"Waterdown, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Waterdown","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-15T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.l3harris.com/job/Niagara-on-the-Lake-Full-Stack-Developer-Co-op-1-ON/1430141300/?ats=successfactors","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.l3harris.com/job/Niagara-on-the-Lake-Full-Stack-Developer-Co-op-1-ON/1430141300/?ats=successfactors","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"L3Harris Technologies","sourceCompany":"l3harris-technologies","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:f9aac274ff75df54b084","title":"FPGA Designer Co-op","locationText":"Hamilton, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Hamilton","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-15T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.l3harris.com/job/Waterdown-FPGA-Designer-Coop-(Waterdown,-CAN)-ON-L9H-0C5/1430127300/?ats=successfactors","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.l3harris.com/job/Waterdown-FPGA-Designer-Coop-(Waterdown,-CAN)-ON-L9H-0C5/1430127300/?ats=successfactors","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"L3Harris Technologies","sourceCompany":"l3harris-technologies","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:8269db38eb32853f3703","title":"Software Engineering Co-op","locationText":"Waterdown, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Waterdown","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-15T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.l3harris.com/job/Waterdown-Software-Engineering-Co-Op-(Waterdown,-CAN)-ON-L9H-0C5/1430130200/?ats=successfactors","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.l3harris.com/job/Waterdown-Software-Engineering-Co-Op-(Waterdown,-CAN)-ON-L9H-0C5/1430130200/?ats=successfactors","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"L3Harris Technologies","sourceCompany":"l3harris-technologies","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:afc3fb9f5e059156f9c1","title":"Software Engineer Co-op","locationText":"Waterdown, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Waterdown","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-15T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.l3harris.com/job/Waterdown-Software-Engineering-Co-Op-(Waterdown,-CAN)-ON-L9H-0C5/1430129400/?ats=successfactors","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.l3harris.com/job/Waterdown-Software-Engineering-Co-Op-(Waterdown,-CAN)-ON-L9H-0C5/1430129400/?ats=successfactors","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Nokia","sourceCompany":"nokia","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:7e4357ebf76b4837fbac","title":"Hardware Engineer Co-op Intern, IP Routing","locationText":"Ottawa, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Ottawa","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-15T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://fa-evmr-saasfaprod1.fa.ocs.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX_1/job/39600","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://fa-evmr-saasfaprod1.fa.ocs.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX_1/job/39600","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Nexthop.ai","sourceCompany":"nexthop-ai","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:22d53f7a925af6c48005","title":"Software Engineer Intern","locationText":"Burnaby, BC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Burnaby","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-15T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://nexthopai.bamboohr.com/careers/64/","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://nexthopai.bamboohr.com/careers/64/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"DoorDash","sourceCompany":"doordash","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:e535e326f82b7a484cc3","title":"Software Engineer Intern","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-15T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/doordashcanada/jobs/8170944","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/doordashcanada/jobs/8170944","hot":true,"hidden":false},{"company":"Superhuman","sourceCompany":"superhuman","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:8e974fb8d7dc3a807725","title":"Software Engineer Intern","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-15T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/Superhuman%20Platform%20Inc/5f1f25ee-709d-4ae0-ada4-d1f243bde89c/","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/Superhuman%20Platform%20Inc/5f1f25ee-709d-4ae0-ada4-d1f243bde89c/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Definity Financial","sourceCompany":"definity-financial","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:e7e688dc27a976195c1d","title":"Technology Solutions Co-op Intern, Data Platform & Engineering","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-15T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://hdks.fa.ca2.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX_1/job/9324","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://hdks.fa.ca2.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX_1/job/9324","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Altera","sourceCompany":"altera","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:9f6c85e8bd242df8392c","title":"Quartus Compiler Software Intern","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-15T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://altera.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/altera/job/Toronto-Ontario-Canada/Quartus-Compiler-Software---Intern_R03108","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://altera.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/altera/job/Toronto-Ontario-Canada/Quartus-Compiler-Software---Intern_R03108","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Microsoft","sourceCompany":"microsoft","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:e9bd8f3f2eee08803525","title":"Software Engineer Intern","locationText":"Vancouver, BC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Vancouver","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-15T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556991773?hl=en","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556991773?hl=en","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0287000","title":"System Technology Research Engineer - (PhD Intern)","locationText":"USA - OR - Hillsboro","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - OR - Hillsboro","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-14T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/System-Technology-Research-Engineer----PhD-Intern-_JR0287000","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:12.579Z","descriptionText":"$54","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/System-Technology-Research-Engineer----PhD-Intern-_JR0287000","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:8db222c0f7d2c9ccf880","title":"Student Researcher, BS/MS","locationText":"Montreal, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"student-researcher","postedAt":"2026-09-14T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/104405499448828614","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/104405499448828614","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:dfbdf883335cc288e081","title":"Student Researcher, PhD","locationText":"Toronto, ON / Waterloo, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"student-researcher","postedAt":"2026-09-14T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/75043041429070534","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/75043041429070534","hot":true,"hidden":false},{"company":"Equitable Bank","sourceCompany":"equitable-bank","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:6c2591aecdd241ad4bd8","title":"Commercial Lending AI Engineer Intern","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-14T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.lever.co/eqbank/54045eae-334a-4486-8e97-96e49e6a1487/","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.lever.co/eqbank/54045eae-334a-4486-8e97-96e49e6a1487/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Equitable Bank","sourceCompany":"equitable-bank","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:706a4cca3c1d2ca4381e","title":"Retail Lending AI Engineer Intern","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-14T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.lever.co/eqbank/1c46930a-7ffe-4760-9d31-e08ea191ddea/","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.lever.co/eqbank/1c46930a-7ffe-4760-9d31-e08ea191ddea/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Definity Financial","sourceCompany":"definity-financial","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:99107860d7966bfee709","title":"Technology Business Administration Co-op Intern","locationText":"Toronto, ON / Waterloo, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-14T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://hdks.fa.ca2.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX_1/job/9345","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://hdks.fa.ca2.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX_1/job/9345","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Robinhood","sourceCompany":"robinhood","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:f65bc1400a2c00b2f9db","title":"Software Developer Intern, Backend","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-14T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://boards.greenhouse.io/robinhood/jobs/8142930","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://boards.greenhouse.io/robinhood/jobs/8142930","hot":true,"hidden":false},{"company":"Robinhood","sourceCompany":"robinhood","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:67f55a77239f538009a7","title":"Software Developer Intern, Web","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-14T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://boards.greenhouse.io/robinhood/jobs/8199744","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://boards.greenhouse.io/robinhood/jobs/8199744","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Robinhood","sourceCompany":"robinhood","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:5266122b9e04dfa46500","title":"Software Developer Intern/Co-op, Backend","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-14T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://boards.greenhouse.io/robinhood/jobs/8194428","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://boards.greenhouse.io/robinhood/jobs/8194428","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Robinhood","sourceCompany":"robinhood","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:68a17bbc8190e9dc97dc","title":"Software Developer Intern, IOS","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-14T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://boards.greenhouse.io/robinhood/jobs/8199729","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://boards.greenhouse.io/robinhood/jobs/8199729","hot":true,"hidden":false},{"company":"Ciena","sourceCompany":"ciena","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:ad71da8e8b2ea77fa0cb","title":"Software Engineering Intern, Optical Transport and IP Networking","locationText":"Ottawa, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Ottawa","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-14T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://ciena.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/Careers/job/Ottawa/Software-Engineering--Optical-Transport-and-IP-Networking-Intern_R031631","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://ciena.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/Careers/job/Ottawa/Software-Engineering--Optical-Transport-and-IP-Networking-Intern_R031631","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Marvell","sourceCompany":"marvell","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:a0e125bf337e584a476f","title":"Data Center Silicon Hardware Engineering Intern","locationText":"Toronto, ON / Ottawa, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-14T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://marvell.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/MarvellCareers2/job/Ottawa-Canada/Data-Center-Silicon-Hardware-Engineering-Intern---Winter-2027_2604525","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://marvell.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/MarvellCareers2/job/Ottawa-Canada/Data-Center-Silicon-Hardware-Engineering-Intern---Winter-2027_2604525","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"BDO Canada","sourceCompany":"bdo-canada","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:d6f30a06765050150d42","title":"Data & Analytics Co-op Intern","locationText":"Montreal, QC / Toronto, ON / Calgary, AB / Halifax, NS / Vancouver, BC / Oakville, ON / Ottawa, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-14T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://bdo.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/BDO/job/Toronto---Bay-St/Co-op-or-Intern--Data---Analytics--January-2027-_JR7061","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://bdo.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/BDO/job/Toronto---Bay-St/Co-op-or-Intern--Data---Analytics--January-2027-_JR7061","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Bank of Montreal","sourceCompany":"bank-of-montreal","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:385f8ac64e772d0e3e22","title":"Quantitative Developer (Alpha Research Team), GAM","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"student","postedAt":"2026-09-14T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://bmo.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/Campus/job/Toronto-ON-CAN/Quantitative-Developer--Alpha-Research-Team----GAM--Summer-2027--Co-op-Internship----12-months_R260026715","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://bmo.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/Campus/job/Toronto-ON-CAN/Quantitative-Developer--Alpha-Research-Team----GAM--Summer-2027--Co-op-Internship----12-months_R260026715","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"NVIDIA","sourceCompany":"nvidia","sourceType":"nvidia-workday","jobId":"JR2024171","title":"PhD Research Intern, Autonomous Systems and Physical AI Research - 2027","locationText":"US, CA, Santa Clara","countryCode":"US","city":"Santa Clara","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-13T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/PhD-Research-Intern--Autonomous-Systems-and-Physical-AI-Research---2027_JR2024171","tags":["NVIDIA Careers","2100 NVIDIA USA"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:44:50.799Z","descriptionText":"$55","key":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/PhD-Research-Intern--Autonomous-Systems-and-Physical-AI-Research---2027_JR2024171","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Blue Robotics","sourceCompany":"blue-robotics","sourceType":"github-simplify-list","sourceName":"Simplify Summer 2027 Internships","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/SimplifyJobs/Summer2027-Internships","jobId":"github-simplify-list:6e0368fda690e7739a9e","title":"Electronics Design Co-op","locationText":"Victoria, BC, Canada","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Victoria","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-12T20:42:21.322Z","applyUrl":"https://ats.rippling.com/blue-robotics/jobs/25a883e5-3fa4-459e-9762-5f33a3512cd8?utm_source=Simplify&ref=Simplify","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Simplify / Pitt CSC"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.322Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://ats.rippling.com/blue-robotics/jobs/25a883e5-3fa4-459e-9762-5f33a3512cd8","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Ciena","sourceCompany":"ciena","sourceType":"github-simplify-list","sourceName":"Simplify Summer 2027 Internships","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/SimplifyJobs/Summer2027-Internships","jobId":"github-simplify-list:513b09606ada125e33e0","title":"NPI Hardware Co-op - 8 month","locationText":"Ottawa, ON, Canada","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Ottawa","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-11T20:42:21.322Z","applyUrl":"https://ciena.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/Careers/job/Ottawa/NPI-Hardware-Co-op--8-month---January-2027-_R031642?utm_source=Simplify&ref=Simplify","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Simplify / Pitt CSC"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.322Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://ciena.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/Careers/job/Ottawa/NPI-Hardware-Co-op--8-month---January-2027-_R031642","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Microsoft","sourceCompany":"microsoft","sourceType":"microsoft-pcsx","jobId":"1970393556988203","title":"Security Assurance Intern - CTJ - TS","locationText":"United States, Washington, Redmond","countryCode":"US","city":"Redmond","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-11T18:42:02.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556988203?hl=en","tags":["Security Assurance","onsite"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:04.324Z","descriptionText":"$56","key":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556988203?hl=en","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Microsoft","sourceCompany":"microsoft","sourceType":"microsoft-pcsx","jobId":"1970393556983238","title":"Technical Program Management Intern - CTJ - TS","locationText":"United States, Washington, Redmond","countryCode":"US","city":"Redmond","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-11T18:41:30.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556983238?hl=en","tags":["Technical Program Management","onsite"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:04.324Z","descriptionText":"$57","key":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556983238?hl=en","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Microsoft","sourceCompany":"microsoft","sourceType":"microsoft-pcsx","jobId":"1970393556983226","title":"Product Management Intern - CTJ - TS","locationText":"United States, Washington, Redmond","countryCode":"US","city":"Redmond","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-11T18:40:02.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556983226?hl=en","tags":["Product Management","onsite"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:04.324Z","descriptionText":"$58","key":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556983226?hl=en","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Microsoft","sourceCompany":"microsoft","sourceType":"microsoft-pcsx","jobId":"1970393556983223","title":"Software Engineering Intern - CTJ - TS","locationText":"United States, Virginia, Reston","countryCode":"US","city":"Reston","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-11T18:39:32.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556983223?hl=en","tags":["Software Engineering","onsite"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:04.324Z","descriptionText":"$59","key":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556983223?hl=en","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Microsoft","sourceCompany":"microsoft","sourceType":"microsoft-pcsx","jobId":"1970393556983221","title":"Software Engineering Intern - CTJ - TS","locationText":"United States, Washington, Redmond","countryCode":"US","city":"Redmond","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-11T18:38:27.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556983221?hl=en","tags":["Software Engineering","onsite"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:04.324Z","descriptionText":"$5a","key":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556983221?hl=en","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0286932","title":"Module Engineering PhD Intern","locationText":"USA - AZ - Chandler","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - AZ - Chandler","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-11T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Arizona-Phoenix/Module-Engineering-PhD-Intern_JR0286932","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:12.579Z","descriptionText":"$5b","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Arizona-Phoenix/Module-Engineering-PhD-Intern_JR0286932","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0287021","title":"Module Engineering PhD Intern New 2027","locationText":"USA - OR - Hillsboro","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - OR - Hillsboro","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-11T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Module-Engineering-PhD-Intern-New-2027_JR0287021","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:12.579Z","descriptionText":"$5c","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Module-Engineering-PhD-Intern-New-2027_JR0287021","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Qualcomm","sourceCompany":"qualcomm","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:279ad55ffc79a2e3d777","title":"Machine Learning Compiler & Performance Engineering Intern","locationText":"Markham, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Markham","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-11T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://qualcomm.eightfold.ai/careers/job/446721064018","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://qualcomm.eightfold.ai/careers/job/446721064018","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Dialogue","sourceCompany":"dialogue","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:feb648e5b625becffe5e","title":"Full Stack Developer Intern","locationText":"Montreal, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-11T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://ats.rippling.com/dialogue-en/jobs/3c2341d5-604d-463c-8b79-5d1669d81e78","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://ats.rippling.com/dialogue-en/jobs/3c2341d5-604d-463c-8b79-5d1669d81e78","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Cozey","sourceCompany":"cozey","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:60a069e23862fe1f7697","title":"Data Science Intern","locationText":"Mount-Royal, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Mount-Royal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-11T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://ats.rippling.com/cozey-internships/jobs/1e50d436-06c1-447c-b676-5e487b19433c","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://ats.rippling.com/cozey-internships/jobs/1e50d436-06c1-447c-b676-5e487b19433c","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Cozey","sourceCompany":"cozey","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:ddd6800fab263690427e","title":"Product Management Intern","locationText":"Mount-Royal, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Mount-Royal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-11T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://ats.rippling.com/cozey-internships/jobs/b1f3e185-e5d7-4baf-b67f-10f8703b130a","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://ats.rippling.com/cozey-internships/jobs/b1f3e185-e5d7-4baf-b67f-10f8703b130a","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Amazon","sourceCompany":"amazon","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:ac215d8cbacb3277491b","title":"Machine Learning Systems Software Development Engineer Intern, Annapurna Labs","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-11T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://amazon.jobs/en/jobs/10538066/ml-systems-software-development-engineer-intern-annapurna-labs-2027","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://amazon.jobs/en/jobs/10538066/ml-systems-software-development-engineer-intern-annapurna-labs-2027","hot":true,"hidden":false},{"company":"Nokia","sourceCompany":"nokia","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:0a5850ca9ecfb36e101c","title":"Optical Test Intern Co-op","locationText":"Ottawa, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Ottawa","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-11T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://fa-evmr-saasfaprod1.fa.ocs.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX_1/job/39964","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://fa-evmr-saasfaprod1.fa.ocs.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX_1/job/39964","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Nokia","sourceCompany":"nokia","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:6431b2c282fa0f72ca02","title":"Data Scientist Co-op/Intern","locationText":"Ottawa, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Ottawa","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-11T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://fa-evmr-saasfaprod1.fa.ocs.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX_1/job/39965","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://fa-evmr-saasfaprod1.fa.ocs.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX_1/job/39965","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Lyft","sourceCompany":"lyft","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:e23c073c64423a0afc34","title":"Software Engineer Intern, Backend","locationText":"Montreal, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-11T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://app.careerpuck.com/job-board/lyft/job/8796054002?gh_jid=8796054002","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://app.careerpuck.com/job-board/lyft/job/8796054002?gh_jid=8796054002","hot":true,"hidden":false},{"company":"Lyft","sourceCompany":"lyft","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:7aef31bdbbead6431a14","title":"Software Engineer Intern, Machine Learning","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-11T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://app.careerpuck.com/job-board/lyft/job/8802332002?gh_jid=8802332002","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://app.careerpuck.com/job-board/lyft/job/8802332002?gh_jid=8802332002","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Lyft","sourceCompany":"lyft","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:1714cd058b06f9dd808b","title":"Software Engineer Intern","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-11T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://app.careerpuck.com/job-board/lyft/job/8767710002?gh_jid=8767710002","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://app.careerpuck.com/job-board/lyft/job/8767710002?gh_jid=8767710002","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Lyft","sourceCompany":"lyft","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:5c988fbbd18d049cd75e","title":"Software Engineer Intern, Fullstack","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-11T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://app.careerpuck.com/job-board/lyft/job/8797859002?gh_jid=8797859002","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://app.careerpuck.com/job-board/lyft/job/8797859002?gh_jid=8797859002","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Lyft","sourceCompany":"lyft","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:980c759a1b3674669a86","title":"Data Engineer Intern","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-11T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://app.careerpuck.com/job-board/lyft/job/8797376002?gh_jid=8797376002","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://app.careerpuck.com/job-board/lyft/job/8797376002?gh_jid=8797376002","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Lyft","sourceCompany":"lyft","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:2192a79b9ee758e4bca9","title":"Data Science Intern, Algorithms","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-11T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://app.careerpuck.com/job-board/lyft/job/8767697002?gh_jid=8767697002","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://app.careerpuck.com/job-board/lyft/job/8767697002?gh_jid=8767697002","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Lyft","sourceCompany":"lyft","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:66c553cfe7a13f81f21f","title":"Software Developer Intern, Backend","locationText":"Montreal, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-11T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://app.careerpuck.com/job-board/lyft/job/8796052002?gh_jid=8796052002","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://app.careerpuck.com/job-board/lyft/job/8796052002?gh_jid=8796052002","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Armstrong Fluid Technology","sourceCompany":"armstrong-fluid-technology","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:3de748d2b9354e1e755e","title":"Test Engineering Co-op","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-11T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://armstrongfluidtechnology.bamboohr.com/careers/1001/","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://armstrongfluidtechnology.bamboohr.com/careers/1001/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Kinaxis","sourceCompany":"kinaxis","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:6b46b9179bca3642a7be","title":"Intern Developer, Clients, Front End Technologies","locationText":"Ottawa, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Ottawa","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-11T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers-kinaxis.icims.com/jobs/35320/job?mobile=true&needsRedirect=false","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://careers-kinaxis.icims.com/jobs/35320/job?mobile=true&needsRedirect=false","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Definity Financial","sourceCompany":"definity-financial","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:a052c8b629fe70236081","title":"Commercial Insurance Product Owner Co-op Intern","locationText":"Waterloo, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Waterloo","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-11T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://hdks.fa.ca2.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX_1/job/9354","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://hdks.fa.ca2.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX_1/job/9354","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Definity Financial","sourceCompany":"definity-financial","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:f3b565d4b1dc26c3fdb8","title":"Business Intelligence Co-op","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-11T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://hdks.fa.ca2.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX_1/job/9351","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://hdks.fa.ca2.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX_1/job/9351","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Definity Financial","sourceCompany":"definity-financial","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:cc8351da4ca456737067","title":"Commercial Insurance Portfolio Analyst Co-op Intern","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-11T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://hdks.fa.ca2.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX_1/job/9349","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://hdks.fa.ca2.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX_1/job/9349","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Definity Financial","sourceCompany":"definity-financial","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:721c83f0b9b58d440634","title":"Analyst Co-op Intern, Consumer Insights & Market Research","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-11T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://hdks.fa.ca2.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX_1/job/9344","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://hdks.fa.ca2.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX_1/job/9344","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0286719","title":"Parametric Test Module Intern","locationText":"USA - OR - Hillsboro","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - OR - Hillsboro","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-10T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Parametric-Test-Module-Intern_JR0286719","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:12.579Z","descriptionText":"$5d","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Parametric-Test-Module-Intern_JR0286719","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0287047","title":"Module Engineering PhD Intern - Wet Etch","locationText":"USA - OR - Hillsboro","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - OR - Hillsboro","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-10T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Module-Engineering-PhD-Intern---Wet-Etch_JR0287047","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:12.579Z","descriptionText":"$5e","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Module-Engineering-PhD-Intern---Wet-Etch_JR0287047","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0287022","title":"Module Engineering PhD Intern","locationText":"USA - OR - Hillsboro","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - OR - Hillsboro","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-10T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Module-Engineering-PhD-Intern_JR0287022-1","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:12.579Z","descriptionText":"$5f","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Module-Engineering-PhD-Intern_JR0287022-1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0287026","title":"Module Engineering PhD Intern","locationText":"USA - OR - Hillsboro","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - OR - Hillsboro","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-10T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Module-Engineering-PhD-Intern_JR0287026","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:12.579Z","descriptionText":"$60","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Module-Engineering-PhD-Intern_JR0287026","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Geotab","sourceCompany":"geotab","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:032b7c754f21ffdee401","title":"Embedded Developer Intern - Engine Data Reliability","locationText":"Oakville, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Oakville","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-10T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/internshiplist2000/jobs/5396891008","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/internshiplist2000/jobs/5396891008","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Grass Valley","sourceCompany":"grass-valley","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:c10c5da8a16bdbe9e200","title":"Software Development Intern","locationText":"Montreal, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-09T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://grassvalley.applytojob.com/apply/r0V942NWEh/Stagiaire-Dveloppement-De-Logiciel-C-Intern-Software-Development-C","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://grassvalley.applytojob.com/apply/r0V942NWEh/Stagiaire-Dveloppement-De-Logiciel-C-Intern-Software-Development-C","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Pomerleau","sourceCompany":"pomerleau","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:9090f633a9640bbe2f56","title":"GIS Data Analyst Intern","locationText":"Montreal, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-09T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://pomerleau.avature.net/en_US/Jobs/JobDetail/3695","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://pomerleau.avature.net/en_US/Jobs/JobDetail/3695","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"D2L","sourceCompany":"d2l","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:09061569d6e90418bb9a","title":"Business Insights & Analytics Co-op","locationText":"Kitchener, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Kitchener","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-09T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://www.d2l.com/careers/jobs/?job_id=8188363&gh_jid=8188363","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://www.d2l.com/careers/jobs/?gh_jid=8188363&job_id=8188363","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"D2L","sourceCompany":"d2l","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:681cbf5e6a65db264c44","title":"Software Developer Co-op","locationText":"Kitchener, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Kitchener","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-09T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://www.d2l.com/careers/jobs/?job_id=8174229&gh_jid=8174229","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://www.d2l.com/careers/jobs/?gh_jid=8174229&job_id=8174229","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"GoMaterials","sourceCompany":"gomaterials","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:b428f41c1ba290f68171","title":"Data Quality Intern","locationText":"Montreal, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-09T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.lever.co/gomaterials/be3fb0e8-54a1-43de-b998-99dd071eed19/","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.lever.co/gomaterials/be3fb0e8-54a1-43de-b998-99dd071eed19/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Hexagon AB","sourceCompany":"hexagon-ab","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:5bf94ffc1a320a40e08c","title":"Digital Hardware Engineer Intern","locationText":"Calgary, AB","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Calgary","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-09T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers-hexagonpositioning.icims.com/jobs/3090/job?mobile=true&needsRedirect=false","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://careers-hexagonpositioning.icims.com/jobs/3090/job?mobile=true&needsRedirect=false","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Pomerleau","sourceCompany":"pomerleau","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:b0ce5440d0579739d197","title":"AI Product Analyst Intern","locationText":"Montreal, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-09T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://pomerleau.avature.net/en_US/Jobs/JobDetail/3620","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://pomerleau.avature.net/en_US/Jobs/JobDetail/3620","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Kinaxis","sourceCompany":"kinaxis","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:73f4bed503f8c7b161ed","title":"Developer Intern, AI Solutions","locationText":"Ottawa, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Ottawa","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-09T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers-kinaxis.icims.com/jobs/35343/job?mobile=true&needsRedirect=false","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://careers-kinaxis.icims.com/jobs/35343/job?mobile=true&needsRedirect=false","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Apple","sourceCompany":"apple","sourceType":"apple-careers-html","jobId":"200682357-3521","title":"GPU Internships - Architecture Validation, Performance Modelling & Platform Architecture","locationText":"Cambridge, United Kingdom ; London, United Kingdom ; Saint Albans, United Kingdom","countryCode":"GB","city":"Cambridge","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-08T13:22:29.713Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200682357-3521/gpu-internships-architecture-validation-performance-modelling-platform-architecture?team=STDNT","tags":["Software and Services","Students","Hardware"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:44:11.442Z","descriptionText":"$61","key":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200682357-3521/gpu-internships-architecture-validation-performance-modelling-platform-architecture?team=STDNT","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Apple","sourceCompany":"apple","sourceType":"apple-careers-html","jobId":"200682357-1251","title":"GPU Internships - Architecture Validation, Performance Modelling & Platform Architecture","locationText":"Cambridge, United Kingdom ; London, United Kingdom ; Saint Albans, United Kingdom","countryCode":"GB","city":"Cambridge","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-08T13:22:29.713Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200682357-1251/gpu-internships-architecture-validation-performance-modelling-platform-architecture?team=STDNT","tags":["Software and Services","Students","Hardware"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:44:11.442Z","descriptionText":"$62","key":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200682357-1251/gpu-internships-architecture-validation-performance-modelling-platform-architecture?team=STDNT","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Apple","sourceCompany":"apple","sourceType":"apple-careers-html","jobId":"200682357-2114","title":"GPU Internships - Architecture Validation, Performance Modelling & Platform Architecture","locationText":"Cambridge, United Kingdom ; London, United Kingdom ; Saint Albans, United Kingdom","countryCode":"GB","city":"Cambridge","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-08T13:22:29.713Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200682357-2114/gpu-internships-architecture-validation-performance-modelling-platform-architecture?team=STDNT","tags":["Software and Services","Students","Hardware"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:44:11.442Z","descriptionText":"$63","key":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200682357-2114/gpu-internships-architecture-validation-performance-modelling-platform-architecture?team=STDNT","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Zaber Technologies","sourceCompany":"zaber-technologies","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:2217152fa52ca3906821","title":"Software Developer Co-op","locationText":"Vancouver, BC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Vancouver","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-08T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.workable.com/zaber/j/EAB5877DC3/","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://apply.workable.com/zaber/j/EAB5877DC3/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Zaber Technologies","sourceCompany":"zaber-technologies","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:20039cf54a601cfa5aa0","title":"Embedded Software Co-op","locationText":"Vancouver, BC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Vancouver","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-08T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.workable.com/zaber/j/1F627CC2BB/","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://apply.workable.com/zaber/j/1F627CC2BB/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Rivian and Volkswagen Group Technologies","sourceCompany":"rivian-and-volkswagen-group-technologies","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:b98f3001b624df5f0a96","title":"Software Engineering Intern, Vehicle Controls","locationText":"Vancouver, BC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Vancouver","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-08T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/rivianvw.tech/e00c49b7-44c1-4f0c-af3c-2c7a7402185b/","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/rivianvw.tech/e00c49b7-44c1-4f0c-af3c-2c7a7402185b/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Lumentum","sourceCompany":"lumentum","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:95745b57a825a190eaf9","title":"Optical Verification Engineer Intern Co-op","locationText":"Ottawa, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Ottawa","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-08T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://lumentum.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/LITE/job/Canada---Ottawa-Bill-Leathem/Optical-Verification-Engineer-Co-op-Intern_20261193","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://lumentum.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/LITE/job/Canada---Ottawa-Bill-Leathem/Optical-Verification-Engineer-Co-op-Intern_20261193","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Stripe","sourceCompany":"stripe","sourceType":"stripe-careers-next-data","jobId":"8130883","title":"Software Engineer, Intern","locationText":"Singapore","countryCode":"SG","city":"Singapore","employmentType":"Intern","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-07T05:44:20.176Z","applyUrl":"https://stripe.com/careers/listing/software-engineer-intern/8130883","tags":["University","University"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:23.694Z","descriptionText":"Help increase the GDP of the internet as part of our University team.","key":"https://stripe.com/careers/listing/software-engineer-intern/8130883","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Entrust","sourceCompany":"entrust","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:5b5bb7899ad4a5b9a7be","title":"Software Developer Intern","locationText":"Ottawa, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Ottawa","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-07T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://entrust.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/entrustcareers/job/Canada---Ottawa/Intern---Software-Developer---8-months-Hybrid-in-Ottawa_R004358","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://entrust.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/entrustcareers/job/Canada---Ottawa/Intern---Software-Developer---8-months-Hybrid-in-Ottawa_R004358","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Apple","sourceCompany":"apple","sourceType":"apple-careers-html","jobId":"200681934-3521","title":"Formal Verification Intern","locationText":"Saint Albans, United Kingdom","countryCode":"GB","city":"Saint Albans","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-04T11:57:22.668Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200681934-3521/formal-verification-intern?team=STDNT","tags":["Students","Hardware"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:44:11.442Z","descriptionText":"$64","key":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200681934-3521/formal-verification-intern?team=STDNT","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Bree","sourceCompany":"bree","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:208c76a5c41b50174628","title":"Software Engineer Co-op, Product","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-04T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"http://jobs.ashbyhq.com/bree/17d8dd15-5f97-4003-8d6c-170dca13ff88/application?embed=true","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"http://jobs.ashbyhq.com/bree/17d8dd15-5f97-4003-8d6c-170dca13ff88/application?embed=true","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Bree","sourceCompany":"bree","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:50cc3fdb81ba4dd38ce6","title":"Software Engineer Co-op, Backend","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-04T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"http://jobs.ashbyhq.com/bree/42fe78c1-e73f-4918-bf71-776b8142112b/application?embed=true","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"http://jobs.ashbyhq.com/bree/42fe78c1-e73f-4918-bf71-776b8142112b/application?embed=true","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"General Dynamics UK","sourceCompany":"general-dynamics-uk","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:dc82a14ea05d0f4fda5c","title":"Systems Engineering Co-op","locationText":"Ottawa, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Ottawa","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-04T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/GDMSI/744000147549219","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/GDMSI/744000147549219","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"General Dynamics UK","sourceCompany":"general-dynamics-uk","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:1a3c2f715c9bae6d8771","title":"Software Engineering Co-op","locationText":"Cole Harbour, NS","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Cole Harbour","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-04T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/GDMSI/744000147583700","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/GDMSI/744000147583700","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"General Dynamics UK","sourceCompany":"general-dynamics-uk","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:d60b7883fd666ce73735","title":"Systems Engineering Co-op","locationText":"Ottawa, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Ottawa","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-04T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/GDMSI/744000147537709","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/GDMSI/744000147537709","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Geotab","sourceCompany":"geotab","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:d497bf46f1db35b7cccc","title":"Software Developer Intern, Mygeotab","locationText":"Toronto, ON / Waterloo, ON / Oakville, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-04T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/internshiplist2000/jobs/5383412008","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/internshiplist2000/jobs/5383412008","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"General Dynamics UK","sourceCompany":"general-dynamics-uk","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:9470e6277207ee7a116d","title":"Software Engineering Co-op","locationText":"Ottawa, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Ottawa","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-04T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/GDMSI/744000147511629","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/GDMSI/744000147511629","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"General Dynamics UK","sourceCompany":"general-dynamics-uk","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:6a3a9f78940bbd336471","title":"Mobile Domain System Engineering Co-op","locationText":"Calgary, AB","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Calgary","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-04T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/GDMSI/744000147552960","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/GDMSI/744000147552960","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Procter & Gamble","sourceCompany":"procter-gamble","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:066531bb9ae02dfee2be","title":"Digital Technologies Intern/Co-op","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-04T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://pg.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/1000/job/TORONTO-GO/Digital-Technologies-Internship-Co-op---Stage-ou-programme-coopratif-en-en-technologies-digitales_R000158595","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://pg.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/1000/job/TORONTO-GO/Digital-Technologies-Internship-Co-op---Stage-ou-programme-coopratif-en-en-technologies-digitales_R000158595","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0286835","title":"Technical Sales - Intern, Bachelor’s","locationText":"USA - CA - Santa Clara","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - CA - Santa Clara","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-03T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-California-Santa-Clara/Technical-Sales---Intern--Bachelor-s_JR0286835","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:12.579Z","descriptionText":"$65","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-California-Santa-Clara/Technical-Sales---Intern--Bachelor-s_JR0286835","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0286831","title":"Technical Sales - Intern, Graduate","locationText":"USA - CA - Santa Clara","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - CA - Santa Clara","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-03T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-California-Santa-Clara/Technical-Sales---Intern--Graduate_JR0286831","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:12.579Z","descriptionText":"$66","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-California-Santa-Clara/Technical-Sales---Intern--Graduate_JR0286831","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0286838","title":"Sales and Marketing - Intern, Bachelor’s","locationText":"USA - CA - Santa Clara","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - CA - Santa Clara","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-03T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-California-Santa-Clara/Sales-and-Marketing---Intern--Bachelor-s_JR0286838","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:12.579Z","descriptionText":"$67","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-California-Santa-Clara/Sales-and-Marketing---Intern--Bachelor-s_JR0286838","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0286839","title":"Sales and Marketing - Intern, Graduate","locationText":"USA - CA - Santa Clara","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - CA - Santa Clara","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-03T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-California-Santa-Clara/Sales-and-Marketing---Intern--Graduate_JR0286839","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:12.579Z","descriptionText":"$68","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-California-Santa-Clara/Sales-and-Marketing---Intern--Graduate_JR0286839","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Geotab","sourceCompany":"geotab","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:f4f83453feef9bb8ab93","title":"Software Developer Intern","locationText":"Toronto, ON / Oakville, ON / Waterloo, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-03T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/internshiplist2000/jobs/5376578008","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/internshiplist2000/jobs/5376578008","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"General Dynamics UK","sourceCompany":"general-dynamics-uk","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:85e53ec22924063fe72b","title":"Software Engineering Co-op","locationText":"Calgary, AB","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Calgary","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-03T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/GDMSI/744000147563929","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/GDMSI/744000147563929","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"AMD","sourceCompany":"amd","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:1031674983eb4541c14a","title":"Hardware Design Verification Engineer Intern/Co-op","locationText":"Markham, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Markham","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-03T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/91361?icims=1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/91361?icims=1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Geotab","sourceCompany":"geotab","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:d0860526e00101ed9c39","title":"Software Developer Intern","locationText":"Toronto, ON / Oakville, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-03T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/internshiplist2000/jobs/5350915008","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/internshiplist2000/jobs/5350915008","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"AltaML","sourceCompany":"altaml","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:c61543dfa9aceef14b7a","title":"Associate Software Engineer","locationText":"Edmonton, AB","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Edmonton","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"student","postedAt":"2026-09-03T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.lever.co/altaml/bd8167f5-e84c-48b1-9cad-2831bf71dea1/","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.lever.co/altaml/bd8167f5-e84c-48b1-9cad-2831bf71dea1/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Nokia","sourceCompany":"nokia","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:3698a28ec4f6d38ee64f","title":"DSP Firmware Engineer Co-op/Intern","locationText":"Ottawa, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Ottawa","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-03T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://fa-evmr-saasfaprod1.fa.ocs.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX_1/job/39237","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://fa-evmr-saasfaprod1.fa.ocs.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX_1/job/39237","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Mirego","sourceCompany":"mirego","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:1c282459b59aec6e4b68","title":"Software Developer Intern","locationText":"Québec City, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Québec City","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-03T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.lever.co/mirego/b5d63a2b-c4b6-4a14-9e2a-bb8a23ed92b1/","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.lever.co/mirego/b5d63a2b-c4b6-4a14-9e2a-bb8a23ed92b1/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"AMD","sourceCompany":"amd","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:417c900b1780d8355ea8","title":"ASIC Verification Engineer Intern/Co-op","locationText":"Ottawa, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Ottawa","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-03T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/91207?icims=1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/91207?icims=1","hot":true,"hidden":false},{"company":"Geotab","sourceCompany":"geotab","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:161ecca6b4b1763f9d86","title":"Software Developer Intern","locationText":"Oakville, ON / Waterloo, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Oakville","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-03T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/internshiplist2000/jobs/5361630008","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/internshiplist2000/jobs/5361630008","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"General Dynamics UK","sourceCompany":"general-dynamics-uk","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:283d56d9081581338657","title":"Software Engineer Co-op","locationText":"Ottawa, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Ottawa","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-03T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/GDMSI/744000147019949","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/GDMSI/744000147019949","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Atlassian","sourceCompany":"atlassian","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:68627622266f50ac0d41","title":"Software Engineer Intern","locationText":"Burnaby, BC / Vancouver, BC / Richmond, BC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Burnaby","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-03T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://campus-globalcareers-atlassian.icims.com/jobs/26275/software-engineer-intern%2c-2027-canada/job","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://campus-globalcareers-atlassian.icims.com/jobs/26275/software-engineer-intern%2c-2027-canada/job","hot":true,"hidden":false},{"company":"RTX","sourceCompany":"rtx","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:c87abad723aa64e9090f","title":"Data Analyst Intern, Spare Parts Services","locationText":"Longueuil, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Longueuil","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-03T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://globalhr.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/rec_rtx_ext_gateway/job/CA-QC-LONGUEUIL-J01--1000-Blvd-Marie-Victorin--J01-BLDG/Stage---Hiver-2027---Analyste-de-donnes--Services-de-pices-de-rechange---Internship---Winter-2027---Data-Analyst--Spare-Parts-Services_01872182","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://globalhr.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/rec_rtx_ext_gateway/job/CA-QC-LONGUEUIL-J01--1000-Blvd-Marie-Victorin--J01-BLDG/Stage---Hiver-2027---Analyste-de-donnes--Services-de-pices-de-rechange---Internship---Winter-2027---Data-Analyst--Spare-Parts-Services_01872182","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"RTX","sourceCompany":"rtx","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:8f6cef65c0f1db2c2128","title":"Development of Performance Indicators and Process and Project Management","locationText":"Longueuil, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Longueuil","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"student","postedAt":"2026-09-03T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://globalhr.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/rec_rtx_ext_gateway/job/CA-QC-LONGUEUIL-J01--1000-Blvd-Marie-Victorin--J01-BLDG/Stage---Hiver-2027---Dveloppement-d-indicateurs-de-performance-et-gestion-des-processus-et-projets---Internship---Winter-2027--Development-of-Performance-Indicators-and-Process-and-Project-Management_01867284","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://globalhr.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/rec_rtx_ext_gateway/job/CA-QC-LONGUEUIL-J01--1000-Blvd-Marie-Victorin--J01-BLDG/Stage---Hiver-2027---Dveloppement-d-indicateurs-de-performance-et-gestion-des-processus-et-projets---Internship---Winter-2027--Development-of-Performance-Indicators-and-Process-and-Project-Management_01867284","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Teledyne","sourceCompany":"teledyne","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:2939b6d38a1046b9d453","title":"LiDAR Data Analyst Co-op","locationText":"Concord, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Concord","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-03T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://flir.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/flircareers/job/Canada---Concord-ON-TDY/LiDAR-Data-Analyst--Co-op-_REQ36378","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://flir.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/flircareers/job/Canada---Concord-ON-TDY/LiDAR-Data-Analyst--Co-op-_REQ36378","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0286825","title":"Manufacturing and Process Development - Intern, Bachelor’s","locationText":"USA - OR - Aloha","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - OR - Aloha","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-02T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Manufacturing-and-Process-Development---Intern--Bachelor-s_JR0286825","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:12.579Z","descriptionText":"$69","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Manufacturing-and-Process-Development---Intern--Bachelor-s_JR0286825","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0286833","title":"Manufacturing and Process Development - Intern, Graduate","locationText":"USA - OR - Aloha","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - OR - Aloha","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-02T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Manufacturing-and-Process-Development---Intern--Graduate_JR0286833","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:12.579Z","descriptionText":"$6a","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Manufacturing-and-Process-Development---Intern--Graduate_JR0286833","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0286826","title":"Facilities Services - Intern, Bachelor’s","locationText":"USA - OR - Aloha","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - OR - Aloha","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-02T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Facilities-Services---Intern--Bachelor-s_JR0286826","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:12.579Z","descriptionText":"$6b","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Facilities-Services---Intern--Bachelor-s_JR0286826","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0286827","title":"Platform Hardware and Systems Engineering - Intern, Bachelor’s","locationText":"USA - OR - Aloha","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - OR - Aloha","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-02T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Platform-Hardware-and-Systems-Engineering---Intern--Bachelor-s_JR0286827","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:12.579Z","descriptionText":"$6c","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Platform-Hardware-and-Systems-Engineering---Intern--Bachelor-s_JR0286827","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0286828","title":"Platform Hardware and Systems Engineering - Intern, Graduate","locationText":"USA - OR - Aloha","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - OR - Aloha","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-02T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Platform-Hardware-and-Systems-Engineering---Intern--Graduate_JR0286828","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:12.579Z","descriptionText":"$6d","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Platform-Hardware-and-Systems-Engineering---Intern--Graduate_JR0286828","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0286829","title":"Silicon Hardware Engineering - Intern, Bachelor’s","locationText":"USA - OR - Aloha","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - OR - Aloha","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-02T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Silicon-Hardware-Engineering---Intern--Bachelor-s_JR0286829","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:12.579Z","descriptionText":"$6e","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Silicon-Hardware-Engineering---Intern--Bachelor-s_JR0286829","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0286830","title":"Silicon Hardware Engineering - Intern, Graduate","locationText":"USA - OR - Aloha","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - OR - Aloha","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-02T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Silicon-Hardware-Engineering---Intern--Graduate_JR0286830","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:12.579Z","descriptionText":"$6f","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Silicon-Hardware-Engineering---Intern--Graduate_JR0286830","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0286834","title":"Software Engineering - Intern, Bachelor’s","locationText":"USA - OR - Aloha","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - OR - Aloha","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-02T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Software-Engineering---Intern--Bachelor-s_JR0286834","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:12.579Z","descriptionText":"$70","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Software-Engineering---Intern--Bachelor-s_JR0286834","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0286836","title":"Software Engineering - Intern, Graduate","locationText":"USA - OR - Aloha","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - OR - Aloha","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-02T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Software-Engineering---Intern--Graduate_JR0286836","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:12.579Z","descriptionText":"$71","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Software-Engineering---Intern--Graduate_JR0286836","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"General Dynamics UK","sourceCompany":"general-dynamics-uk","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:ea7d3374223b9f5455dd","title":"Software Developer Co-op","locationText":"Calgary, AB","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Calgary","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-02T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/GDMSI/744000146985399","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/GDMSI/744000146985399","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Geotab","sourceCompany":"geotab","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:7e61823c0f142d3171f8","title":"Product Coordinator Intern, Driver Compliance","locationText":"Toronto, ON / Waterloo, ON / Oakville, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-02T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/internshiplist2000/jobs/5360844008","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/internshiplist2000/jobs/5360844008","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Remarcable","sourceCompany":"remarcable","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:8f7a1aa9a9f831fd7681","title":"Full Stack Developer Co-op","locationText":"Vancouver, BC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Vancouver","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-02T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/remarcable-inc/a4f3aaaa-9469-42e8-a610-450d25eb5da7/","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/remarcable-inc/a4f3aaaa-9469-42e8-a610-450d25eb5da7/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"RTX","sourceCompany":"rtx","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:734a5c13ea70224dcd86","title":"Data Analyst Intern, Global Sales","locationText":"Longueuil, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Longueuil","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-02T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://globalhr.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/rec_rtx_ext_gateway/job/CA-QC-SAINT-HUBERT-H12--7007-Chemin-De-La-Savane--BLDG-H12-TRAINING/Stage---Hiver-2027----Ventes-globales---Internship---Winter-2027----Global-Sales_01869713","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://globalhr.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/rec_rtx_ext_gateway/job/CA-QC-SAINT-HUBERT-H12--7007-Chemin-De-La-Savane--BLDG-H12-TRAINING/Stage---Hiver-2027----Ventes-globales---Internship---Winter-2027----Global-Sales_01869713","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Microsoft","sourceCompany":"microsoft","sourceType":"microsoft-pcsx","jobId":"1970393556978904","title":"Research Intern","locationText":"Singapore, Singapore, Singapore","countryCode":"SG","city":"SG","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-01T16:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556978904?hl=en","tags":["Research Sciences","onsite"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:04.324Z","descriptionText":"$72","key":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556978904?hl=en","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"General Dynamics UK","sourceCompany":"general-dynamics-uk","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:eb94d4bab280b58a6833","title":"Software Engineering Co-op","locationText":"Ottawa, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Ottawa","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/GDMSI/744000146822449","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/GDMSI/744000146822449","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Grass Valley","sourceCompany":"grass-valley","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:0df36788407044f0798a","title":"Software Development Intern","locationText":"Montreal, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://grassvalley.applytojob.com/apply/8vAlbSBZpB/Stagiaire-Dveloppement-De-Logiciel-Intern-Software-Development","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://grassvalley.applytojob.com/apply/8vAlbSBZpB/Stagiaire-Dveloppement-De-Logiciel-Intern-Software-Development","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"AMD","sourceCompany":"amd","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:b10b87ad3f23c31138c8","title":"Hardware Design Verification Engineer Intern/Co-op","locationText":"Markham, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Markham","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/90379?icims=1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/90379?icims=1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"AMD","sourceCompany":"amd","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:bfb6c4082b59852d2e54","title":"Firmware Engineer Intern/Co-op","locationText":"Markham, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Markham","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/91320?icims=1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/91320?icims=1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"AMD","sourceCompany":"amd","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:434d7f978cbb8d1767fd","title":"Firmware Engineer Intern/Co-op","locationText":"Vancouver, BC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Vancouver","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/90301?icims=1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/90301?icims=1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"AMD","sourceCompany":"amd","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:e65ce3d2833e44508f20","title":"Hardware Design Engineer Intern/Co-op","locationText":"Markham, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Markham","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/91360?icims=1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/91360?icims=1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"AMD","sourceCompany":"amd","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:be49f2c683b0c7217840","title":"Hardware Design Engineer Intern/Co-op","locationText":"Markham, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Markham","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/90367?icims=1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/90367?icims=1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"AMD","sourceCompany":"amd","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:a79d5a8698fa61364534","title":"Graphics Software Engineer Intern/Co-op","locationText":"Markham, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Markham","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/90305?icims=1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/90305?icims=1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"AMD","sourceCompany":"amd","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:1a4a8c4b1eedfad6bff1","title":"Firmware Engineer Intern/Co-op","locationText":"Vancouver, BC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Vancouver","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/91313?icims=1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/91313?icims=1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"AMD","sourceCompany":"amd","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:90fd0b90cb23992cecba","title":"Firmware Engineer Intern/Co-op - Long Term","locationText":"Markham, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Markham","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/90297?icims=1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/90297?icims=1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"AMD","sourceCompany":"amd","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:bc2f0dd9ae46b0d6fb9e","title":"Analog and Mixed Signal Engineer Intern/Co-op","locationText":"Markham, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Markham","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/91369?icims=1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/91369?icims=1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"AMD","sourceCompany":"amd","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:34d14df2c57ac0f7b97a","title":"Product Management Intern/Co-op - Multiple Teams","locationText":"Calgary, AB","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Calgary","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/90411?icims=1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/90411?icims=1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"AMD","sourceCompany":"amd","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:14749bad686b80ef7083","title":"Hardware Design Engineer Intern/Co-op","locationText":"Vancouver, BC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Vancouver","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/90372?icims=1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/90372?icims=1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"AMD","sourceCompany":"amd","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:769cfe5d4d7f5c5af4bf","title":"Diagnostics Design Engineer Intern/Co-op","locationText":"Markham, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Markham","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/90435?icims=1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/90435?icims=1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"AMD","sourceCompany":"amd","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:08f9d10bdffffa0bbebc","title":"Software Engineer Intern/Co-op","locationText":"Vancouver, BC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Vancouver","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/91367?icims=1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/91367?icims=1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"AMD","sourceCompany":"amd","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:6346fcdb1e81e4e2de0f","title":"AGS Libraries Intern/Co-op","locationText":"Calgary, AB","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Calgary","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/90427?icims=1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/90427?icims=1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"AMD","sourceCompany":"amd","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:15b279ea951ad38858c2","title":"Hardware Design Verification Engineer Intern/Co-op","locationText":"Vancouver, BC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Vancouver","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/91362?icims=1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/91362?icims=1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"AMD","sourceCompany":"amd","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:b43ffec975956d22a904","title":"Machine Learning/Artificial Intelligence Intern/Co-op","locationText":"Markham, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Markham","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/91363?icims=1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/91363?icims=1","hot":true,"hidden":false},{"company":"AMD","sourceCompany":"amd","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:0489dc4b003cd0ba9cd9","title":"Software Engineer Intern/Co-op","locationText":"Markham, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Markham","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/91368?icims=1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/91368?icims=1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"AMD","sourceCompany":"amd","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:f8b62c1a963185faecd5","title":"Machine Learning/Artificial Intelligence Intern/Co-op","locationText":"Markham, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Markham","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/90383?icims=1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/90383?icims=1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"AMD","sourceCompany":"amd","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:09cfe0fd669e540a59cb","title":"Graphics Software Engineer Intern/Co-op","locationText":"Markham, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Markham","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/91359?icims=1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/91359?icims=1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Stripe","sourceCompany":"stripe","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:022f266bfbdf34b3507d","title":"Software Engineer Intern","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://stripe.com/jobs/search?gh_jid=8130805","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://stripe.com/jobs/search?gh_jid=8130805","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Trane Technologies","sourceCompany":"trane-technologies","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:41dfbf50b14497246a6e","title":"BrainBox AI Intern","locationText":"Montreal, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers.tranetechnologies.com/global/en/job/JR-7608/2027-BrainBox-AI-Intern","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://careers.tranetechnologies.com/global/en/job/JR-7608/2027-BrainBox-AI-Intern","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Apple","sourceCompany":"apple","sourceType":"apple-careers-html","jobId":"200673612-0157","title":"Applied Data Solutions Program, Internships – Summer 2027","locationText":"Austin, United States ; Cupertino, United States","countryCode":"US","city":"Austin","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-08-27T20:41:24.044Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200673612-0157/applied-data-solutions-program-internships-summer-2027?team=STDNT","tags":["Corporate Functions","Students"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:44:11.442Z","descriptionText":"$73","key":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200673612-0157/applied-data-solutions-program-internships-summer-2027?team=STDNT","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Apple","sourceCompany":"apple","sourceType":"apple-careers-html","jobId":"200673612-0836","title":"Applied Data Solutions Program, Internships – Summer 2027","locationText":"Austin, United States ; Cupertino, United States","countryCode":"US","city":"Austin","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-08-27T20:41:24.044Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200673612-0836/applied-data-solutions-program-internships-summer-2027?team=STDNT","tags":["Corporate Functions","Students"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:44:11.442Z","descriptionText":"$74","key":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200673612-0836/applied-data-solutions-program-internships-summer-2027?team=STDNT","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"AMI","sourceCompany":"ami","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:d21e7e13849237bba563","title":"Computer Vision Scientist Intern, Geometry and 3D Vision","locationText":"Montreal, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-08-27T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/ami/0d7332d8-b8e7-40d3-89b6-dfc02b40bfa2/","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/ami/0d7332d8-b8e7-40d3-89b6-dfc02b40bfa2/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Marsh","sourceCompany":"marsh","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:55576e4632579442ac9d","title":"Summer Analyst Intern, Data and Analytics","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-08-27T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://mmc.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/MMC/job/Toronto---Bremner/Oliver-Wyman---Summer-Analyst-2027---Data-and-Analytics--DNA----Toronto_R_363727-1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://mmc.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/MMC/job/Toronto---Bremner/Oliver-Wyman---Summer-Analyst-2027---Data-and-Analytics--DNA----Toronto_R_363727-1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Zip","sourceCompany":"zip","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:6412e1526477fc20c029","title":"Software Engineer Intern","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-08-25T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/zip/2bc7327b-1c06-418a-beeb-bec1dd70480e/","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/zip/2bc7327b-1c06-418a-beeb-bec1dd70480e/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Apple","sourceCompany":"apple","sourceType":"apple-careers-html","jobId":"200679652-3521","title":"GPU Internships - Design Verification and Emulation & Driver Live","locationText":"Cambridge, United Kingdom ; London, United Kingdom ; Saint Albans, United Kingdom","countryCode":"GB","city":"Cambridge","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-08-24T15:46:16.647Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200679652-3521/gpu-internships-design-verification-and-emulation-driver-live?team=STDNT","tags":["Hardware","Students"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:44:11.442Z","descriptionText":"$75","key":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200679652-3521/gpu-internships-design-verification-and-emulation-driver-live?team=STDNT","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Apple","sourceCompany":"apple","sourceType":"apple-careers-html","jobId":"200679652-2114","title":"GPU Internships - Design Verification and Emulation & Driver Live","locationText":"Cambridge, United Kingdom ; London, United Kingdom ; Saint Albans, United Kingdom","countryCode":"GB","city":"Cambridge","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-08-24T15:46:16.647Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200679652-2114/gpu-internships-design-verification-and-emulation-driver-live?team=STDNT","tags":["Hardware","Students"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:44:11.442Z","descriptionText":"$76","key":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200679652-2114/gpu-internships-design-verification-and-emulation-driver-live?team=STDNT","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Apple","sourceCompany":"apple","sourceType":"apple-careers-html","jobId":"200679652-1251","title":"GPU Internships - Design Verification and Emulation & Driver Live","locationText":"Cambridge, United Kingdom ; London, United Kingdom ; Saint Albans, United Kingdom","countryCode":"GB","city":"Cambridge","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-08-24T15:46:16.647Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200679652-1251/gpu-internships-design-verification-and-emulation-driver-live?team=STDNT","tags":["Hardware","Students"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:44:11.442Z","descriptionText":"$77","key":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200679652-1251/gpu-internships-design-verification-and-emulation-driver-live?team=STDNT","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Apple","sourceCompany":"apple","sourceType":"apple-careers-html","jobId":"200679650-2114","title":"GPU Internships - RTL Design, RTL Power Optimisation & Physical Design","locationText":"Cambridge, United Kingdom ; London, United Kingdom ; Saint Albans, United Kingdom","countryCode":"GB","city":"Cambridge","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-08-24T15:46:00.780Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200679650-2114/gpu-internships-rtl-design-rtl-power-optimisation-physical-design?team=STDNT","tags":["Hardware","Students"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:44:11.442Z","descriptionText":"$78","key":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200679650-2114/gpu-internships-rtl-design-rtl-power-optimisation-physical-design?team=STDNT","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Apple","sourceCompany":"apple","sourceType":"apple-careers-html","jobId":"200679650-3521","title":"GPU Internships - RTL Design, RTL Power Optimisation & Physical Design","locationText":"Cambridge, United Kingdom ; London, United Kingdom ; Saint Albans, United Kingdom","countryCode":"GB","city":"Cambridge","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-08-24T15:46:00.780Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200679650-3521/gpu-internships-rtl-design-rtl-power-optimisation-physical-design?team=STDNT","tags":["Hardware","Students"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:44:11.442Z","descriptionText":"$79","key":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200679650-3521/gpu-internships-rtl-design-rtl-power-optimisation-physical-design?team=STDNT","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Apple","sourceCompany":"apple","sourceType":"apple-careers-html","jobId":"200679650-1251","title":"GPU Internships - RTL Design, RTL Power Optimisation & Physical Design","locationText":"Cambridge, United Kingdom ; London, United Kingdom ; Saint Albans, United Kingdom","countryCode":"GB","city":"Cambridge","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-08-24T15:46:00.780Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200679650-1251/gpu-internships-rtl-design-rtl-power-optimisation-physical-design?team=STDNT","tags":["Hardware","Students"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:44:11.442Z","descriptionText":"$7a","key":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200679650-1251/gpu-internships-rtl-design-rtl-power-optimisation-physical-design?team=STDNT","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Epic Games","sourceCompany":"epic-games","sourceType":"github-vansh-list","sourceName":"Vansh Summer 2027 Internships","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/vanshb03/Summer2027-Internships","jobId":"github-vansh-list:b55c6db68feb46b02d14","title":"Machine Learning Research Intern","locationText":"Montreal, Canada","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-08-21T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://www.epicgames.com/site/careers/jobs/6138140004?gh_jid=6138140004&utm_source=github-vansh-ouckah","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Vansh / Ouckah"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.306Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://www.epicgames.com/site/careers/jobs/6138140004?gh_jid=6138140004","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Databricks","sourceCompany":"databricks","sourceType":"databricks-greenhouse","jobId":"8732364002","title":"Software Engineering Intern (2027 Start) - Winter","locationText":"Bellevue, Washington; Mountain View, California; San Francisco, California","countryCode":"US","city":"Bellevue","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-08-20T23:40:25.000Z","applyUrl":"https://databricks.com/company/careers/open-positions/job?gh_jid=8732364002","tags":["Databricks, Inc.","Engineering","University Recruiting"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.189Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://databricks.com/company/careers/open-positions/job?gh_jid=8732364002","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Goldman Sachs","sourceCompany":"goldman-sachs","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:492b402acbcc2e00bdda","title":"Summer Analyst, Engineering","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"student","postedAt":"2026-08-20T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://higher.gs.com/roles/171567","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://higher.gs.com/roles/171567","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Netflix","sourceCompany":"netflix","sourceType":"netflix-eightfold","jobId":"790315673635","title":"Video Algorithms Intern, Video Coding (Gaussian Splatting), Fall 2026","locationText":"Los Gatos,California,United States of America","countryCode":"US","city":"Los Gatos","employmentType":"onsite","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-08-18T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://explore.jobs.netflix.net/careers/job/790315673635-video-algorithms-intern-video-coding-gaussian-splatting-fall-2026-los-gatos-california-united-states-of-america?domain=netflix.com&microsite=netflix.com","tags":["Engineering","Streaming"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:23.106Z","descriptionText":"$7b","key":"https://explore.jobs.netflix.net/careers/job/790315673635-video-algorithms-intern-video-coding-gaussian-splatting-fall-2026-los-gatos-california-united-states-of-america?domain=netflix.com&microsite=netflix.com","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Thomson Reuters","sourceCompany":"thomson-reuters","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:b53bf83409da7937af30","title":"Applied Research Intern, NLP/ML/GenAI","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-08-17T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://thomsonreuters.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/External_Career_Site/job/Canada-Toronto-Ontario/Applied-Research-Intern--NLP-ML-GenAI-_JREQ202812","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://thomsonreuters.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/External_Career_Site/job/Canada-Toronto-Ontario/Applied-Research-Intern--NLP-ML-GenAI-_JREQ202812","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Analysis Group","sourceCompany":"analysis-group","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:1faccf74386c21699c6c","title":"Research Professional Intern, Generalist (Summer 2027)","locationText":"Montreal, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-08-14T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://analystcareers-analysisgroup.icims.com/jobs/3007/job?mobile=true&needsRedirect=false","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://analystcareers-analysisgroup.icims.com/jobs/3007/job?mobile=true&needsRedirect=false","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Microsoft","sourceCompany":"microsoft","sourceType":"microsoft-pcsx","jobId":"1970393556958168","title":"Supply Chain Program Management Intern","locationText":"United States, Washington, Redmond","countryCode":"US","city":"Redmond","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-08-10T19:20:47.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556958168?hl=en","tags":["Supply Chain Program Management","onsite"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:43:04.324Z","descriptionText":"$7c","key":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556958168?hl=en","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Apple","sourceCompany":"apple","sourceType":"apple-careers-html","jobId":"200675982-3278","title":"2027 Apple Internship - Information Systems and Technology","locationText":"Singapore, Singapore","countryCode":"SG","city":"Singapore","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-08-06T03:54:09.239Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200675982-3278/2027-apple-internship-information-systems-and-technology?team=STDNT","tags":["Students","Corporate Functions","Software and Services"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:44:11.442Z","descriptionText":"$7d","key":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200675982-3278/2027-apple-internship-information-systems-and-technology?team=STDNT","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"DRW","sourceCompany":"drw","sourceType":"github-vansh-list","sourceName":"Vansh Summer 2027 Internships","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/vanshb03/Summer2027-Internships","jobId":"github-vansh-list:1f9dcb6d266e21d77c1a","title":"Software Developer Intern","locationText":"Montréal","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montréal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-07-31T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://www.drw.com/work-at-drw/listings/software-developer-intern-3466687?utm_source=github-vansh-ouckah","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Vansh / Ouckah"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.306Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://www.drw.com/work-at-drw/listings/software-developer-intern-3466687","hot":true,"hidden":false},{"company":"DRW","sourceCompany":"drw","sourceType":"github-vansh-list","sourceName":"Vansh Summer 2027 Internships","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/vanshb03/Summer2027-Internships","jobId":"github-vansh-list:49ebdc38936c6f12f971","title":"AI/ML Research Intern","locationText":"Montréal","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montréal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-07-31T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://www.drw.com/work-at-drw/listings/aiml-research-intern-3466679?utm_source=github-vansh-ouckah","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Vansh / Ouckah"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.306Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://www.drw.com/work-at-drw/listings/aiml-research-intern-3466679","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Georgian Partners Growth","sourceCompany":"georgian-partners-growth","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:1524425e1d94058306aa","title":"AI/ML Engineer Intern","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-07-21T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/georgian/2ae71a4b-dd9d-4068-8ef2-81351ee74cab/","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.273Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/georgian/2ae71a4b-dd9d-4068-8ef2-81351ee74cab/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Apple","sourceCompany":"apple","sourceType":"apple-careers-html","jobId":"200620855-3521","title":"Formal Verification Engineer","locationText":"London, United Kingdom ; Saint Albans, United Kingdom","countryCode":"GB","city":"London","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"student","postedAt":"2026-03-30T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200620855-3521/formal-verification-engineer?team=STDNT","tags":["Hardware","Students"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:44:11.442Z","descriptionText":"$7e","key":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200620855-3521/formal-verification-engineer?team=STDNT","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Apple","sourceCompany":"apple","sourceType":"apple-careers-html","jobId":"200620855-2114","title":"Formal Verification Engineer","locationText":"London, United Kingdom ; Saint Albans, United Kingdom","countryCode":"GB","city":"London","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"student","postedAt":"2026-03-30T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200620855-2114/formal-verification-engineer?team=STDNT","tags":["Hardware","Students"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:44:11.442Z","descriptionText":"$7f","key":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200620855-2114/formal-verification-engineer?team=STDNT","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Apple","sourceCompany":"apple","sourceType":"apple-careers-html","jobId":"200629965-2114","title":"SoC Performance Modeling Internship - Platform Architecture","locationText":"London, United Kingdom","countryCode":"GB","city":"London","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2025-11-04T08:12:08.116Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200629965-2114/soc-performance-modeling-internship-platform-architecture?team=STDNT","tags":["Hardware","Software and Services","Students"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:44:11.442Z","descriptionText":"$80","key":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200629965-2114/soc-performance-modeling-internship-platform-architecture?team=STDNT","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Databricks","sourceCompany":"databricks","sourceType":"databricks-greenhouse","jobId":"7011263002","title":"PhD GenAI Research Scientist Intern","locationText":"San Francisco, California","countryCode":"US","city":"San Francisco","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2023-11-07T21:36:32.000Z","applyUrl":"https://databricks.com/company/careers/open-positions/job?gh_jid=7011263002","tags":["Databricks, Inc.","Research","University Recruiting"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.189Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://databricks.com/company/careers/open-positions/job?gh_jid=7011263002","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Databricks","sourceCompany":"databricks","sourceType":"databricks-greenhouse","jobId":"6883068002","title":"Product Management Intern (Summer 2027)","locationText":"Bellevue, Washington; Mountain View, California; San Francisco, California","countryCode":"US","city":"Bellevue","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2023-08-17T21:27:27.000Z","applyUrl":"https://databricks.com/company/careers/open-positions/job?gh_jid=6883068002","tags":["Databricks, Inc.","University Recruiting"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.189Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://databricks.com/company/careers/open-positions/job?gh_jid=6883068002","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"112518690523488966","title":"Software Developer Intern, PhD, Summer 2027","locationText":"Waterloo, ON, Canada ; Toronto, ON, Canada","countryCode":"CA","city":"Waterloo","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/112518690523488966-software-developer-intern-phd-summer-2027?q=intern&location=Canada","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:37.778Z","descriptionText":"$81","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/112518690523488966-software-developer-intern-phd-summer-2027?location=Canada&q=intern","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"131287072689267398","title":"Research Intern, PhD, Summer 2027","locationText":"Waterloo, ON, Canada ; Toronto, ON, Canada","countryCode":"CA","city":"Waterloo","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/131287072689267398-research-intern-phd-summer-2027?q=intern&location=Canada","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:37.778Z","descriptionText":"$82","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/131287072689267398-research-intern-phd-summer-2027?location=Canada&q=intern","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"104496653687235270","title":"Research Intern, PhD, Summer 2027","locationText":"Waterloo, ON, Canada ; Toronto, ON, Canada","countryCode":"CA","city":"Waterloo","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/104496653687235270-research-intern-phd-summer-2027?q=intern&location=Canada","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:37.778Z","descriptionText":"$83","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/104496653687235270-research-intern-phd-summer-2027?location=Canada&q=intern","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"94308684170961606","title":"Security Consultant Intern, BS/MS, Summer 2027","locationText":"Waterloo, ON, Canada ; Toronto, ON, Canada","countryCode":"CA","city":"Waterloo","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/94308684170961606-security-consultant-intern-bsms-summer-2027?q=intern&location=Canada","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:37.778Z","descriptionText":"$84","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/94308684170961606-security-consultant-intern-bsms-summer-2027?location=Canada&q=intern","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"141525012002546374","title":"Student Researcher, PhD, Winter-Summer 2027","locationText":"Montreal, QC, Canada","countryCode":"CA","city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"student-researcher","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/141525012002546374-student-researcher-phd-wintersummer-2027?q=student+researcher&location=Canada","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:37.778Z","descriptionText":"$85","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/141525012002546374-student-researcher-phd-wintersummer-2027?location=Canada&q=student+researcher","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"75043041429070534","title":"Student Researcher, PhD, Winter-Summer 2027","locationText":"Montreal, QC, Canada","countryCode":"CA","city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"student-researcher","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/75043041429070534-student-researcher-phd-wintersummer-2027?q=student+researcher&location=Canada","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:37.778Z","descriptionText":"$86","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/75043041429070534-student-researcher-phd-wintersummer-2027?location=Canada&q=student+researcher","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"104405499448828614","title":"Student Researcher, BS/MS, Winter-Summer 2027","locationText":"Montreal, QC, Canada","countryCode":"CA","city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"student-researcher","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/104405499448828614-student-researcher-bsms-wintersummer-2027?q=student+researcher&location=Canada","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:37.778Z","descriptionText":"$87","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/104405499448828614-student-researcher-bsms-wintersummer-2027?location=Canada&q=student+researcher","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"114416552819729094","title":"Student Researcher, BS/MS, Winter-Summer 2027","locationText":"Montreal, QC, Canada","countryCode":"CA","city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"student-researcher","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/114416552819729094-student-researcher-bsms-wintersummer-2027?q=student+researcher&location=Canada","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:37.778Z","descriptionText":"$88","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/114416552819729094-student-researcher-bsms-wintersummer-2027?location=Canada&q=student+researcher","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"128430823337534150","title":"Student Researcher, PhD, Fall 2026","locationText":"Montreal, QC, Canada","countryCode":"CA","city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"student-researcher","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/128430823337534150-student-researcher-phd-fall-2026?q=student+researcher&location=Canada","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:37.778Z","descriptionText":"$89","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/128430823337534150-student-researcher-phd-fall-2026?location=Canada&q=student+researcher","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"113855697199735494","title":"Student Researcher, BS/MS, Fall 2026","locationText":"Montreal, QC, Canada","countryCode":"CA","city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"student-researcher","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/113855697199735494-student-researcher-bsms-fall-2026?q=student+researcher&location=Canada","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:37.778Z","descriptionText":"$8a","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/113855697199735494-student-researcher-bsms-fall-2026?location=Canada&q=student+researcher","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"80582381009806022","title":"Technical Program Manager Intern, BS/MS, Summer 2027","locationText":"Mountain View, CA, USA ; Ann Arbor, MI, USA ; +30 more ; +29 more","countryCode":"US","city":"Mountain View","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/80582381009806022-technical-program-manager-intern-bsms-summer-2027?q=intern&location=United+States","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:37.778Z","descriptionText":"$8b","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/80582381009806022-technical-program-manager-intern-bsms-summer-2027?location=United+States&q=intern","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"91436104816698054","title":"Software Engineering Intern, PhD, Summer 2027","locationText":"Mountain View, CA, USA ; Ann Arbor, MI, USA ; +30 more ; +29 more","countryCode":"US","city":"Mountain View","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/91436104816698054-software-engineering-intern-phd-summer-2027?q=intern&location=United+States","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:37.778Z","descriptionText":"$8c","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/91436104816698054-software-engineering-intern-phd-summer-2027?location=United+States&q=intern","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"100460871561421510","title":"Business Undergraduate Intern, Summer 2027","locationText":"Mountain View, CA, USA ; Ann Arbor, MI, USA ; +30 more ; +29 more","countryCode":"US","city":"Mountain View","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/100460871561421510-business-undergraduate-intern-summer-2027?q=intern&location=United+States","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:37.778Z","descriptionText":"$8d","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/100460871561421510-business-undergraduate-intern-summer-2027?location=United+States&q=intern","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"135755874491605702","title":"Product Design Engineering Intern, BS/MS, Summer 2027","locationText":"Mountain View, CA, USA ; Ann Arbor, MI, USA ; +30 more ; +29 more","countryCode":"US","city":"Mountain View","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/135755874491605702-product-design-engineering-intern-bsms-summer-2027?q=intern&location=United+States","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:37.778Z","descriptionText":"$8e","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/135755874491605702-product-design-engineering-intern-bsms-summer-2027?location=United+States&q=intern","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"115313754307994310","title":"Data Center Engineering Intern, BS/MS, Summer 2027","locationText":"Mountain View, CA, USA ; Ann Arbor, MI, USA ; +30 more ; +29 more","countryCode":"US","city":"Mountain View","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/115313754307994310-data-center-engineering-intern-bsms-summer-2027?q=intern&location=United+States","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:37.778Z","descriptionText":"$8f","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/115313754307994310-data-center-engineering-intern-bsms-summer-2027?location=United+States&q=intern","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"122803627516404422","title":"Hardware Engineering Intern, BS/MS, Summer 2027","locationText":"Mountain View, CA, USA ; Ann Arbor, MI, USA ; +30 more ; +29 more","countryCode":"US","city":"Mountain View","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/122803627516404422-hardware-engineering-intern-bsms-summer-2027?q=intern&location=United+States","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:37.778Z","descriptionText":"$90","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/122803627516404422-hardware-engineering-intern-bsms-summer-2027?location=United+States&q=intern","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"136529930677560006","title":"Silicon Engineering Intern, PhD, Summer 2027","locationText":"Mountain View, CA, USA ; Ann Arbor, MI, USA ; +30 more ; +29 more","countryCode":"US","city":"Mountain View","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/136529930677560006-silicon-engineering-intern-phd-summer-2027?q=intern&location=United+States","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:37.778Z","descriptionText":"$91","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/136529930677560006-silicon-engineering-intern-phd-summer-2027?location=United+States&q=intern","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"136826798817059526","title":"Security Engineering Intern, BS/MS, Summer 2027","locationText":"Mountain View, CA, USA ; Ann Arbor, MI, USA ; +30 more ; +29 more","countryCode":"US","city":"Mountain View","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/136826798817059526-security-engineering-intern-bsms-summer-2027?q=intern&location=United+States","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:37.778Z","descriptionText":"$92","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/136826798817059526-security-engineering-intern-bsms-summer-2027?location=United+States&q=intern","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"88570332985598662","title":"Silicon Engineering Intern, BS/MS, Summer 2027","locationText":"Mountain View, CA, USA ; Ann Arbor, MI, USA ; +30 more ; +29 more","countryCode":"US","city":"Mountain View","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/88570332985598662-silicon-engineering-intern-bsms-summer-2027?q=intern&location=United+States","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:37.778Z","descriptionText":"$93","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/88570332985598662-silicon-engineering-intern-bsms-summer-2027?location=United+States&q=intern","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"112499004540887750","title":"User Experience Engineer Intern, BS/MS, Summer 2027","locationText":"Mountain View, CA, USA ; Ann Arbor, MI, USA ; +30 more ; +29 more","countryCode":"US","city":"Mountain View","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/112499004540887750-user-experience-engineer-intern-bsms-summer-2027?q=intern&location=United+States","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:37.778Z","descriptionText":"$94","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/112499004540887750-user-experience-engineer-intern-bsms-summer-2027?location=United+States&q=intern","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"114405557703451334","title":"Customer and Partner Solutions Engineering Intern, BS/MS, Summer 2027","locationText":"Mountain View, CA, USA ; Ann Arbor, MI, USA ; +30 more ; +29 more","countryCode":"US","city":"Mountain View","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/114405557703451334-customer-and-partner-solutions-engineering-intern-bsms-summer-2027?q=intern&location=United+States","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:37.778Z","descriptionText":"$95","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/114405557703451334-customer-and-partner-solutions-engineering-intern-bsms-summer-2027?location=United+States&q=intern","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"86701057991680710","title":"Research Intern, PhD, Summer 2027","locationText":"Mountain View, CA, USA ; Ann Arbor, MI, USA ; +30 more ; +29 more","countryCode":"US","city":"Mountain View","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/86701057991680710-research-intern-phd-summer-2027?q=intern&location=United+States","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:37.778Z","descriptionText":"$96","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/86701057991680710-research-intern-phd-summer-2027?location=United+States&q=intern","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"117572151191446214","title":"User Experience Engineer Intern, PhD, Summer 2027","locationText":"Mountain View, CA, USA ; Ann Arbor, MI, USA ; +30 more ; +29 more","countryCode":"US","city":"Mountain View","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/117572151191446214-user-experience-engineer-intern-phd-summer-2027?q=intern&location=United+States","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:37.778Z","descriptionText":"$97","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/117572151191446214-user-experience-engineer-intern-phd-summer-2027?location=United+States&q=intern","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"97352132356645574","title":"Hardware Engineering Intern, PhD, Summer 2027","locationText":"Mountain View, CA, USA ; Ann Arbor, MI, USA ; +30 more ; +29 more","countryCode":"US","city":"Mountain View","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/97352132356645574-hardware-engineering-intern-phd-summer-2027?q=intern&location=United+States","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:37.778Z","descriptionText":"$98","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/97352132356645574-hardware-engineering-intern-phd-summer-2027?location=United+States&q=intern","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"89541201752924870","title":"User Experience Research Intern, MS, Summer 2027","locationText":"Mountain View, CA, USA ; Ann Arbor, MI, USA ; +30 more ; +29 more","countryCode":"US","city":"Mountain View","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/89541201752924870-user-experience-research-intern-ms-summer-2027?q=intern&location=United+States","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:37.778Z","descriptionText":"$99","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/89541201752924870-user-experience-research-intern-ms-summer-2027?location=United+States&q=intern","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"100798001798095558","title":"User Experience Design Intern, BS/MS, Summer 2027","locationText":"Mountain View, CA, USA ; Ann Arbor, MI, USA ; +30 more ; +29 more","countryCode":"US","city":"Mountain View","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/100798001798095558-user-experience-design-intern-bsms-summer-2027?q=intern&location=United+States","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:37.778Z","descriptionText":"$9a","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/100798001798095558-user-experience-design-intern-bsms-summer-2027?location=United+States&q=intern","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"137409539979780806","title":"User Experience Research Intern, PhD, Summer 2027","locationText":"Mountain View, CA, USA ; Ann Arbor, MI, USA ; +30 more ; +29 more","countryCode":"US","city":"Mountain View","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/137409539979780806-user-experience-research-intern-phd-summer-2027?q=intern&location=United+States","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:37.778Z","descriptionText":"$9b","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/137409539979780806-user-experience-research-intern-phd-summer-2027?location=United+States&q=intern","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"139129176165622470","title":"Security Consultant Intern, BS/MS, Summer 2027","locationText":"Mountain View, CA, USA ; Ann Arbor, MI, USA ; +30 more ; +29 more","countryCode":"US","city":"Mountain View","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/139129176165622470-security-consultant-intern-bsms-summer-2027?q=intern&location=United+States","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:37.778Z","descriptionText":"$9c","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/139129176165622470-security-consultant-intern-bsms-summer-2027?location=United+States&q=intern","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"134577198026629830","title":"Business Data Scientist Intern, PhD, Summer 2027","locationText":"Mountain View, CA, USA ; Ann Arbor, MI, USA ; +30 more ; +29 more","countryCode":"US","city":"Mountain View","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/134577198026629830-business-data-scientist-intern-phd-summer-2027?q=intern&location=United+States","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:37.778Z","descriptionText":"$9d","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/134577198026629830-business-data-scientist-intern-phd-summer-2027?location=United+States&q=intern","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"119184035237765830","title":"Data Scientist, Product Intern, MS, Summer 2027","locationText":"Mountain View, CA, USA ; Ann Arbor, MI, USA ; +30 more ; +29 more","countryCode":"US","city":"Mountain View","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/119184035237765830-data-scientist-product-intern-ms-summer-2027?q=intern&location=United+States","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:37.778Z","descriptionText":"$9e","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/119184035237765830-data-scientist-product-intern-ms-summer-2027?location=United+States&q=intern","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"83535564552184518","title":"Student Researcher, PhD, Fall 2026","locationText":"Mountain View, CA, USA ; Ann Arbor, MI, USA ; +18 more ; +17 more","countryCode":"US","city":"Mountain View","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"student-researcher","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/83535564552184518-student-researcher-phd-fall-2026?q=student+researcher&location=United+States","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:37.778Z","descriptionText":"$9f","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/83535564552184518-student-researcher-phd-fall-2026?location=United+States&q=student+researcher","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"132362676918461126","title":"Student Researcher, BS/MS, Fall 2026","locationText":"Mountain View, CA, USA ; Ann Arbor, MI, USA ; +18 more ; +17 more","countryCode":"US","city":"Mountain View","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"student-researcher","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/132362676918461126-student-researcher-bsms-fall-2026?q=student+researcher&location=United+States","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:37.778Z","descriptionText":"$a0","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/132362676918461126-student-researcher-bsms-fall-2026?location=United+States&q=student+researcher","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"134313315235963590","title":"Student Researcher, PhD, Winter-Summer 2027","locationText":"Mountain View, CA, USA ; Ann Arbor, MI, USA ; +18 more ; +17 more","countryCode":"US","city":"Mountain View","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"student-researcher","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/134313315235963590-student-researcher-phd-wintersummer-2027?q=student+researcher&location=United+States","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:37.778Z","descriptionText":"$a1","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/134313315235963590-student-researcher-phd-wintersummer-2027?location=United+States&q=student+researcher","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"131518356678156998","title":"Student Researcher, BS/MS, Winter-Summer 2027","locationText":"Mountain View, CA, USA ; Ann Arbor, MI, USA ; +18 more ; +17 more","countryCode":"US","city":"Mountain View","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"student-researcher","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/131518356678156998-student-researcher-bsms-wintersummer-2027?q=student+researcher&location=United+States","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:37.778Z","descriptionText":"$a2","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/131518356678156998-student-researcher-bsms-wintersummer-2027?location=United+States&q=student+researcher","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"135799379289088710","title":"Data Center Facilities Technician Intern, 2027","locationText":"London, UK","countryCode":"GB","city":"London","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/135799379289088710-data-center-facilities-technician-intern-2027?q=intern&location=United+Kingdom","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:37.778Z","descriptionText":"$a3","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/135799379289088710-data-center-facilities-technician-intern-2027?location=United+Kingdom&q=intern","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"99770582270124742","title":"Strategy and Operations MBA Intern, 2027","locationText":"London, UK","countryCode":"GB","city":"London","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/99770582270124742-strategy-and-operations-mba-intern-2027?q=intern&location=United+Kingdom","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:37.778Z","descriptionText":"$a4","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/99770582270124742-strategy-and-operations-mba-intern-2027?location=United+Kingdom&q=intern","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"80037545080955590","title":"Software Engineering PhD Intern, 2027","locationText":"London, UK","countryCode":"GB","city":"London","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/80037545080955590-software-engineering-phd-intern-2027?q=intern&location=United+Kingdom","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:37.778Z","descriptionText":"$a5","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/80037545080955590-software-engineering-phd-intern-2027?location=United+Kingdom&q=intern","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"142308488125522630","title":"Data Center Technician Intern, 2027","locationText":"London, UK","countryCode":"GB","city":"London","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/142308488125522630-data-center-technician-intern-2027?q=intern&location=United+Kingdom","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:37.778Z","descriptionText":"$a6","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/142308488125522630-data-center-technician-intern-2027?location=United+Kingdom&q=intern","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"129079164220121798","title":"Associate Product Marketing Manager BS/MS Intern, 2027","locationText":"London, UK","countryCode":"GB","city":"London","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/129079164220121798-associate-product-marketing-manager-bsms-intern-2027?q=intern&location=United+Kingdom","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:37.778Z","descriptionText":"$a7","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/129079164220121798-associate-product-marketing-manager-bsms-intern-2027?location=United+Kingdom&q=intern","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"135156989620560582","title":"Forward Deployed Engineering Intern, BS/MS, 2027","locationText":"London, UK","countryCode":"GB","city":"London","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/135156989620560582-forward-deployed-engineering-intern-bsms-2027?q=intern&location=United+Kingdom","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:37.778Z","descriptionText":"$a8","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/135156989620560582-forward-deployed-engineering-intern-bsms-2027?location=United+Kingdom&q=intern","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"103464941339452102","title":"Associate Product Manager BS/MS Intern, 2027","locationText":"London, UK","countryCode":"GB","city":"London","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/103464941339452102-associate-product-manager-bsms-intern-2027?q=intern&location=United+Kingdom","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:37.778Z","descriptionText":"$a9","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/103464941339452102-associate-product-manager-bsms-intern-2027?location=United+Kingdom&q=intern","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"73321728058499782","title":"Data Science PhD Intern, 2027","locationText":"London, UK","countryCode":"GB","city":"London","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/73321728058499782-data-science-phd-intern-2027?q=intern&location=United+Kingdom","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:37.778Z","descriptionText":"Google's data scientists work within our Software Engineering organization, including Search, YouTube, and Google Ads. We analyze sets of data and continually run live experiments in order to help drive critical decisions at Google. Specifically, we support the development of innovative, highly scalable, next-generation technologies through research and advanced analysis. \nGoogle is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to address some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.\n","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/73321728058499782-data-science-phd-intern-2027?location=United+Kingdom&q=intern","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"100028133205254854","title":"Software Engineering, Site Reliability Engineering BS/MS Intern, 2027","locationText":"London, UK","countryCode":"GB","city":"London","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/100028133205254854-software-engineering-site-reliability-engineering-bsms-intern-2027?q=intern&location=United+Kingdom","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:37.778Z","descriptionText":"$aa","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/100028133205254854-software-engineering-site-reliability-engineering-bsms-intern-2027?location=United+Kingdom&q=intern","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"86733690079453894","title":"Student Researcher, 2027","locationText":"Zürich, Switzerland ; Berlin, Germany ; +8 more ; +7 more","countryCode":"GB","city":"Zürich","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"student-researcher","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/86733690079453894-student-researcher-2027?q=student+researcher&location=United+Kingdom","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:37.778Z","descriptionText":"$ab","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/86733690079453894-student-researcher-2027?location=United+Kingdom&q=student+researcher","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"117638920753029830","title":"Student Researcher Program Manager, Talent Engagement","locationText":"Zürich, Switzerland ; Berlin, Germany ; +8 more ; +7 more","countryCode":"GB","city":"Zürich","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"student-researcher","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/117638920753029830-student-researcher-program-manager-talent-engagement?q=student+researcher&location=United+Kingdom","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:37.778Z","descriptionText":"$ac","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/117638920753029830-student-researcher-program-manager-talent-engagement?location=United+Kingdom&q=student+researcher","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"SAP","sourceCompany":"sap","sourceType":"sap-careers-html","jobId":"1424438933","title":"SAP iXp Intern - Sales Development Executive","locationText":"Alpharetta, GA, US, 30009","countryCode":"US","city":"Alpharetta","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Alpharetta-SAP-iXp-Intern-Sales-Development-Executive-GA-30009/1424438933/","tags":["SAP Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-19T19:05:57.539Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Alpharetta-SAP-iXp-Intern-Sales-Development-Executive-GA-30009/1424438933/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"SAP","sourceCompany":"sap","sourceType":"sap-careers-html","jobId":"1434095533","title":"SAP iXp - HR Business Partner Intern","locationText":"Newtown Square, PA, US, 19073","countryCode":"US","city":"Newtown Square","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Newtown-Square-SAP-iXp-HR-Business-Partner-Intern-PA-19073/1434095533/","tags":["SAP Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-19T19:05:57.539Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Newtown-Square-SAP-iXp-HR-Business-Partner-Intern-PA-19073/1434095533/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"SAP","sourceCompany":"sap","sourceType":"sap-careers-html","jobId":"1415899633","title":"SAP iXp Intern - Sales Development Executive","locationText":"Alpharetta, GA, US, 30009","countryCode":"US","city":"Alpharetta","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Alpharetta-SAP-iXp-Intern-Sales-Development-Executive-GA-30009/1415899633/","tags":["SAP Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-19T19:05:57.539Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Alpharetta-SAP-iXp-Intern-Sales-Development-Executive-GA-30009/1415899633/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"SAP","sourceCompany":"sap","sourceType":"sap-careers-html","jobId":"1386177533","title":"SAP iXp Intern - SAP Business Network Supplier Enablement &amp; Transformation Specialist","locationText":"Pittsburgh, PA, US, 15212","countryCode":"US","city":"Pittsburgh","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Pittsburgh-SAP-iXp-Intern-SAP-Business-Network-Supplier-Enablement-&amp;-Transformation-Specialist-PA-15212/1386177533/","tags":["SAP Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-19T19:05:57.539Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Pittsburgh-SAP-iXp-Intern-SAP-Business-Network-Supplier-Enablement-&amp;-Transformation-Specialist-PA-15212/1386177533/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"SAP","sourceCompany":"sap","sourceType":"sap-careers-html","jobId":"1421426433","title":"SAP iXp Intern - Sales Development Executive","locationText":"Alpharetta, GA, US, 30009","countryCode":"US","city":"Alpharetta","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Alpharetta-SAP-iXp-Intern-Sales-Development-Executive-GA-30009/1421426433/","tags":["SAP Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-19T19:05:57.539Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Alpharetta-SAP-iXp-Intern-Sales-Development-Executive-GA-30009/1421426433/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"SAP","sourceCompany":"sap","sourceType":"sap-careers-html","jobId":"1433183333","title":"SAP iXp Intern - Services Demand Management","locationText":"Palo Alto, CA, US, 94304","countryCode":"US","city":"Palo Alto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Palo-Alto-SAP-iXp-Intern-Services-Demand-Management-CA-94304/1433183333/","tags":["SAP Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-19T19:05:57.539Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Palo-Alto-SAP-iXp-Intern-Services-Demand-Management-CA-94304/1433183333/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"SAP","sourceCompany":"sap","sourceType":"sap-careers-html","jobId":"1431263633","title":"SAP Student Training and Rotation (STAR) Program- Global Marketing [Bellevue]","locationText":"Bellevue, WA, US, 98004","countryCode":"US","city":"Bellevue","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"student","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Bellevue-SAP-Student-Training-and-Rotation-%28STAR%29%E2%80%AFProgram-Global-Marketing-Bellevue-WA-98004/1431263633/","tags":["SAP Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-19T19:05:57.539Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Bellevue-SAP-Student-Training-and-Rotation-%28STAR%29%E2%80%AFProgram-Global-Marketing-Bellevue-WA-98004/1431263633/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"SAP","sourceCompany":"sap","sourceType":"sap-careers-html","jobId":"1380808333","title":"SAP iXp Intern - AI Research PhD Associate","locationText":"Palo Alto, CA, US, 94304","countryCode":"US","city":"Palo Alto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Palo-Alto-SAP-iXp-Intern-AI-Research-PhD-Associate-CA-94304/1380808333/","tags":["SAP Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-19T19:05:57.539Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Palo-Alto-SAP-iXp-Intern-AI-Research-PhD-Associate-CA-94304/1380808333/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"SAP","sourceCompany":"sap","sourceType":"sap-careers-html","jobId":"1436395233","title":"SAP iXp - Global Revenue Operations Intern - Project Management and Business Analysis","locationText":"Alpharetta, GA, US, 30009","countryCode":"US","city":"Alpharetta","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Alpharetta-SAP-iXp-Global-Revenue-Operations-Intern-Project-Management-and-Business-Analysis-GA-30009/1436395233/","tags":["SAP Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-19T19:05:57.539Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Alpharetta-SAP-iXp-Global-Revenue-Operations-Intern-Project-Management-and-Business-Analysis-GA-30009/1436395233/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"SAP","sourceCompany":"sap","sourceType":"sap-careers-html","jobId":"1424962033","title":"SAP iXp Intern - Adoption, Insights &amp; Services [Tempe, AZ]","locationText":"Tempe, AZ, US, 85288","countryCode":"US","city":"Tempe","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Tempe-SAP-iXp-Intern-Adoption%2C-Insights-&amp;-Services-Tempe%2C-AZ-AZ-85288/1424962033/","tags":["SAP Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-19T19:05:57.539Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Tempe-SAP-iXp-Intern-Adoption%2C-Insights-&amp;-Services-Tempe%2C-AZ-AZ-85288/1424962033/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"SAP","sourceCompany":"sap","sourceType":"sap-careers-html","jobId":"1431290633","title":"SAP Transformation Sales iXp Intern - Enterprise Architect Advisory","locationText":"Newtown Square, PA, US, 19073","countryCode":"US","city":"Newtown Square","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Newtown-Square-SAP-Transformation-Sales-iXp-Intern-Enterprise-Architect-Advisory-PA-19073/1431290633/","tags":["SAP Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-19T19:05:57.539Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Newtown-Square-SAP-Transformation-Sales-iXp-Intern-Enterprise-Architect-Advisory-PA-19073/1431290633/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"SAP","sourceCompany":"sap","sourceType":"sap-careers-html","jobId":"1434894533","title":"SAP iXp Intern - Project Management [Miami, FL]","locationText":"Miami, FL, US, 33126","countryCode":"US","city":"Miami","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Miami-SAP-iXp-Intern-Project-Management-Miami%2C-FL-FL-33126/1434894533/","tags":["SAP Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-19T19:05:57.539Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Miami-SAP-iXp-Intern-Project-Management-Miami%2C-FL-FL-33126/1434894533/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"SAP","sourceCompany":"sap","sourceType":"sap-careers-html","jobId":"1435915433","title":"SAP iXp Intern - Personalization, Digital Platforms &amp; AI [Newtown Square, PA]","locationText":"Newtown Square, PA, US, 19073","countryCode":"US","city":"Newtown Square","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Newtown-Square-SAP-iXp-Intern-Personalization%2C-Digital-Platforms-&amp;-AI-Newtown-Square%2C-PA-PA-19073/1435915433/","tags":["SAP Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-19T19:05:57.539Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Newtown-Square-SAP-iXp-Intern-Personalization%2C-Digital-Platforms-&amp;-AI-Newtown-Square%2C-PA-PA-19073/1435915433/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"SAP","sourceCompany":"sap","sourceType":"sap-careers-html","jobId":"1425371233","title":"SAP iXp Intern - Full-Stack AI Developer","locationText":"Palo Alto, CA, US, 94304","countryCode":"US","city":"Palo Alto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Palo-Alto-SAP-iXp-Intern-Full-Stack-AI-Developer-CA-94304/1425371233/","tags":["SAP Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-19T19:05:57.539Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Palo-Alto-SAP-iXp-Intern-Full-Stack-AI-Developer-CA-94304/1425371233/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"SAP","sourceCompany":"sap","sourceType":"sap-careers-html","jobId":"1433981733","title":"SAP iXp Intern - Product Management, Event Technology &amp; Digital Platforms [Newtown Square, PA]","locationText":"Newtown Square, PA, US, 19073","countryCode":"US","city":"Newtown Square","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Newtown-Square-SAP-iXp-Intern-Product-Management%2C-Event-Technology-&amp;-Digital-Platforms-Newtown-Square%2C-PA-PA-19073/1433981733/","tags":["SAP Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-19T19:05:57.539Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Newtown-Square-SAP-iXp-Intern-Product-Management%2C-Event-Technology-&amp;-Digital-Platforms-Newtown-Square%2C-PA-PA-19073/1433981733/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"SAP","sourceCompany":"sap","sourceType":"sap-careers-html","jobId":"1437760833","title":"SAP iXp Intern - Site Speed Performance [Newtown Square, PA]","locationText":"Newtown Square, PA, US, 19073","countryCode":"US","city":"Newtown Square","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Newtown-Square-SAP-iXp-Intern-Site-Speed-Performance-Newtown-Square%2C-PA-PA-19073/1437760833/","tags":["SAP Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-19T19:05:57.539Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Newtown-Square-SAP-iXp-Intern-Site-Speed-Performance-Newtown-Square%2C-PA-PA-19073/1437760833/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"SAP","sourceCompany":"sap","sourceType":"sap-careers-html","jobId":"1430487633","title":"SAP Student Training and Rotation (STAR) Program - Business Focus Spring/Summer 2027[Newtown Square]","locationText":"Newtown Square, PA, US, 19073","countryCode":"US","city":"Newtown Square","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"student","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Newtown-Square-SAP-Student-Training-and-Rotation-%28STAR%29-Program-Business-Focus-SpringSummer-2027Newtown-Square-PA-19073/1430487633/","tags":["SAP Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-19T19:05:57.539Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Newtown-Square-SAP-Student-Training-and-Rotation-%28STAR%29-Program-Business-Focus-SpringSummer-2027Newtown-Square-PA-19073/1430487633/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"SAP","sourceCompany":"sap","sourceType":"sap-careers-html","jobId":"1430469433","title":"SAP Student Training and Rotation (STAR) Program-Technical Focus Spring/Summer 2027[Newtown Square]","locationText":"Newtown Square, PA, US, 19073","countryCode":"US","city":"Newtown Square","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"student","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Newtown-Square-SAP-Student-Training-and-Rotation-%28STAR%29-Program-Technical-Focus-SpringSummer-2027Newtown-Square-PA-19073/1430469433/","tags":["SAP Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-19T19:05:57.539Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Newtown-Square-SAP-Student-Training-and-Rotation-%28STAR%29-Program-Technical-Focus-SpringSummer-2027Newtown-Square-PA-19073/1430469433/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"SAP","sourceCompany":"sap","sourceType":"sap-careers-html","jobId":"1432641133","title":"AI Business Strategy Intern - SAP Singapore","locationText":"Singapore, SG, 117440","countryCode":"SG","city":"117440","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Singapore-AI-Business-Strategy-Intern-SAP-Singapore-117440/1432641133/","tags":["SAP Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-19T19:05:57.539Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Singapore-AI-Business-Strategy-Intern-SAP-Singapore-117440/1432641133/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"SAP","sourceCompany":"sap","sourceType":"sap-careers-html","jobId":"1432633233","title":"Generative AI Engineer Intern - SAP Singapore","locationText":"Singapore, SG, 117440","countryCode":"SG","city":"117440","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Singapore-Generative-AI-Engineer-Intern-SAP-Singapore-117440/1432633233/","tags":["SAP Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-19T19:05:57.539Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Singapore-Generative-AI-Engineer-Intern-SAP-Singapore-117440/1432633233/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"SAP","sourceCompany":"sap","sourceType":"sap-careers-html","jobId":"1425904933","title":"Data Science Developer Intern   SAP Business AI Singapore","locationText":"Singapore, SG, 117440","countryCode":"SG","city":"117440","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Singapore-Data-Science-Developer-Intern-SAP-Business-AI-Singapore-117440/1425904933/","tags":["SAP Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-19T19:05:57.539Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Singapore-Data-Science-Developer-Intern-SAP-Business-AI-Singapore-117440/1425904933/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"SAP","sourceCompany":"sap","sourceType":"sap-careers-html","jobId":"1261533801","title":"Full Stack Developer Intern (AI topics)   SAP Business AI Singapore","locationText":"Singapore, SG, 117440","countryCode":"SG","city":"117440","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Singapore-Full-Stack-Developer-Intern-%28AI-topics%29-SAP-Business-AI-Singapore-117440/1261533801/","tags":["SAP Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-19T19:05:57.539Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Singapore-Full-Stack-Developer-Intern-%28AI-topics%29-SAP-Business-AI-Singapore-117440/1261533801/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"SAP","sourceCompany":"sap","sourceType":"sap-careers-html","jobId":"1425019733","title":"STAR (Student Training and Rotation) Program Intern - Singapore","locationText":"Singapore, SG, 117440","countryCode":"SG","city":"117440","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Singapore-STAR-%28Student-Training-and-Rotation%29-Program-Intern-Singapore-117440/1425019733/","tags":["SAP Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-19T19:05:57.539Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Singapore-STAR-%28Student-Training-and-Rotation%29-Program-Intern-Singapore-117440/1425019733/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"SAP","sourceCompany":"sap","sourceType":"sap-careers-html","jobId":"1434449133","title":"SAP Intern - Full Stack Developer - SAP Build Mobile and Agentic Qualities","locationText":"Singapore, SG, 117440","countryCode":"SG","city":"117440","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Singapore-SAP-Intern-Full-Stack-Developer-SAP-Build-Mobile-and-Agentic-Qualities-117440/1434449133/","tags":["SAP Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-19T19:05:57.539Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Singapore-SAP-Intern-Full-Stack-Developer-SAP-Build-Mobile-and-Agentic-Qualities-117440/1434449133/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"github-simplify-list","sourceName":"Simplify Summer 2027 Internships","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/SimplifyJobs/Summer2027-Internships","jobId":"github-simplify-list:5a33f94c1a702c6686d3","title":"Software Developer Intern","locationText":"Montreal, QC, Canada; Toronto, ON, Canada; Waterloo, ON, Canada","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/112518690523488966?utm_source=Simplify&ref=Simplify","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Simplify / Pitt CSC"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.322Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/112518690523488966","hot":true,"hidden":false},{"company":"Trane Technologies","sourceCompany":"trane-technologies","sourceType":"github-simplify-list","sourceName":"Simplify Summer 2027 Internships","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/SimplifyJobs/Summer2027-Internships","jobId":"github-simplify-list:a4dbcc5b663f24aa85e9","title":"AI Intern - AI Product Management - AI Controls Integration","locationText":"Montreal, QC, Canada","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://careers.tranetechnologies.com/global/en/job/JR-7608?utm_source=Simplify&ref=Simplify","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Simplify / Pitt CSC"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.322Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://careers.tranetechnologies.com/global/en/job/JR-7608","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Elk Valley Resources","sourceCompany":"elk-valley-resources","sourceType":"github-simplify-list","sourceName":"Simplify Summer 2027 Internships","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/SimplifyJobs/Summer2027-Internships","jobId":"github-simplify-list:d8bfca6cbe451c09a3e1","title":"Geographic Information Systems Co-op","locationText":"Calgary, AB, Canada","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Calgary","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://jobs.lever.co/evr/5e458beb-48ae-4035-b9d2-684047241896/apply?utm_source=Simplify&ref=Simplify","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Simplify / Pitt CSC"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.322Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.lever.co/evr/5e458beb-48ae-4035-b9d2-684047241896/apply","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Hudson River Trading","sourceCompany":"hudson-river-trading","sourceType":"official-early-talent-program","jobId":"explore-hrt:check-program-page","title":"Explore HRT","locationText":"New York City, United States; London, United Kingdom; Singapore","countryCode":"US","countryCodes":["US","GB","SG"],"city":null,"employmentType":null,"internshipType":"early-talent-program","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.hrt-trading.com/student-opportunities/","tags":["Check program page","early talent","quant trading","2028 graduates","monitoring source"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.660Z","descriptionText":"Official early-talent program monitor.","key":"https://www.hrt-trading.com/student-opportunities/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Optiver","sourceCompany":"optiver","sourceType":"official-early-talent-program","jobId":"futurefocus:check-program-page","title":"FutureFocus 2027 - Chicago","locationText":"Chicago, Illinois, United States","countryCode":"US","countryCodes":["US"],"city":null,"employmentType":null,"internshipType":"early-talent-program","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.optiver.com/join-us/students/programs/futurefocus/","tags":["Check program page","early talent","quant trading","first and second year","listed on source"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.660Z","descriptionText":"Official early-talent program monitor.","key":"https://www.optiver.com/join-us/students/programs/futurefocus/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Citadel / Citadel Securities","sourceCompany":"citadel","sourceType":"official-early-talent-program","jobId":"launch:check-program-page","title":"Launch 2027","locationText":"United States","countryCode":"US","countryCodes":["US"],"city":null,"employmentType":null,"internshipType":"early-talent-program","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.citadelsecurities.com/careers/internships/","tags":["Check program page","early talent","sophomore internship","monitoring source"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.660Z","descriptionText":"Official early-talent program monitor.","key":"https://www.citadelsecurities.com/careers/internships/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Citadel / Citadel Securities","sourceCompany":"citadel","sourceType":"official-early-talent-program","jobId":"discover-citadel:check-program-page","title":"Discover Citadel","locationText":"United States; United Kingdom; Singapore","countryCode":"US","countryCodes":["US","GB","SG"],"city":null,"employmentType":null,"internshipType":"early-talent-program","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.citadel.com/careers/programs-and-events/discover-citadel/","tags":["Check program page","early talent","first and second year","program","monitoring source"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.660Z","descriptionText":"Official early-talent program monitor.","key":"https://www.citadel.com/careers/programs-and-events/discover-citadel/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Two Sigma","sourceCompany":"two-sigma","sourceType":"official-early-talent-program","jobId":"new-seekers-summit:check-program-page","title":"New Seekers Summit 2027","locationText":"New York City, United States","countryCode":"US","countryCodes":["US"],"city":null,"employmentType":null,"internshipType":"early-talent-program","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.twosigma.com/new-seekers-summit/","tags":["Check program page","early talent","quant research","first and second year","listed on source"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.660Z","descriptionText":"Official early-talent program monitor.","key":"https://www.twosigma.com/new-seekers-summit/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"D. E. Shaw","sourceCompany":"de-shaw","sourceType":"official-early-talent-program","jobId":"nexus:applications-closed","title":"Nexus 2027","locationText":"United States","countryCode":"US","countryCodes":["US"],"city":null,"employmentType":null,"internshipType":"early-talent-program","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://fellowships.deshaw.com/?profile=student","tags":["Applications closed","early talent","fellowship","second year","monitoring source"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-10-07T20:42:21.660Z","descriptionText":"Official early-talent program monitor.","key":"https://fellowships.deshaw.com/?profile=student","hot":false,"hidden":false}],"generatedAt":"2026-10-07T20:44:50.810Z"}]]}]]}]
