1:"$Sreact.fragment"
2:I[39756,["/Canadian-Internship-List/_next/static/chunks/3fntmmi971322.js"],"default"]
3:I[37457,["/Canadian-Internship-List/_next/static/chunks/3fntmmi971322.js"],"default"]
5:I[97367,["/Canadian-Internship-List/_next/static/chunks/3fntmmi971322.js"],"OutletBoundary"]
6:"$Sreact.suspense"
8:I[97367,["/Canadian-Internship-List/_next/static/chunks/3fntmmi971322.js"],"ViewportBoundary"]
a:I[97367,["/Canadian-Internship-List/_next/static/chunks/3fntmmi971322.js"],"MetadataBoundary"]
c:I[68027,["/Canadian-Internship-List/_next/static/chunks/3fntmmi971322.js"],"default",1]
:HL["/Canadian-Internship-List/_next/static/chunks/27qco0t-0e8pf.css","style"]
:HL["/Canadian-Internship-List/_next/static/chunks/2g7h883c5qj2j.css","style"]
0:{"P":null,"c":["",""],"q":"","i":false,"f":[[["",{"children":["__PAGE__",{},"$undefined","$undefined",4608]},"$undefined","$undefined",4624],[["$","$1","c",{"children":[[["$","link","0",{"rel":"stylesheet","href":"/Canadian-Internship-List/_next/static/chunks/27qco0t-0e8pf.css","precedence":"next","crossOrigin":"$undefined","nonce":"$undefined"}],["$","script","script-0",{"src":"/Canadian-Internship-List/_next/static/chunks/3fntmmi971322.js","async":true,"nonce":"$undefined"}]],["$","html",null,{"lang":"en","children":["$","body",null,{"children":["$","$L2",null,{"parallelRouterKey":"children","error":"$undefined","errorStyles":"$undefined","errorScripts":"$undefined","template":["$","$L3",null,{}],"templateStyles":"$undefined","templateScripts":"$undefined","notFound":[[["$","title",null,{"children":"404: This page could not be found."}],["$","div",null,{"style":{"fontFamily":"system-ui,\"Segoe UI\",Roboto,Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif,\"Apple Color Emoji\",\"Segoe UI Emoji\"","height":"100vh","textAlign":"center","display":"flex","flexDirection":"column","alignItems":"center","justifyContent":"center"},"children":["$","div",null,{"children":[["$","style",null,{"dangerouslySetInnerHTML":{"__html":"body{color:#000;background:#fff;margin:0}.next-error-h1{border-right:1px solid rgba(0,0,0,.3)}@media (prefers-color-scheme:dark){body{color:#fff;background:#000}.next-error-h1{border-right:1px solid rgba(255,255,255,.3)}}"}}],["$","h1",null,{"className":"next-error-h1","style":{"display":"inline-block","margin":"0 20px 0 0","padding":"0 23px 0 0","fontSize":24,"fontWeight":500,"verticalAlign":"top","lineHeight":"49px"},"children":404}],["$","div",null,{"style":{"display":"inline-block"},"children":["$","h2",null,{"style":{"fontSize":14,"fontWeight":400,"lineHeight":"49px","margin":0},"children":"This page could not be found."}]}]]}]}]],[]],"forbidden":"$undefined","unauthorized":"$undefined"}]}]}]]}],{"children":[["$","$1","c",{"children":["$L4",[["$","link","0",{"rel":"stylesheet","href":"/Canadian-Internship-List/_next/static/chunks/2g7h883c5qj2j.css","precedence":"next","crossOrigin":"$undefined","nonce":"$undefined"}],["$","script","script-0",{"src":"/Canadian-Internship-List/_next/static/chunks/1m9o6mh-zoh9e.js","async":true,"nonce":"$undefined"}]],["$","$L5",null,{"children":["$","$6",null,{"name":"Next.MetadataOutlet","children":"$@7"}]}]]}],{},null,false,null]},null,false,null],["$","$1","h",{"children":[null,["$","$L8",null,{"children":"$L9"}],["$","div",null,{"hidden":true,"children":["$","$La",null,{"children":["$","$6",null,{"name":"Next.Metadata","children":"$Lb"}]}]}],null]}],false]],"m":"$undefined","G":["$c",[["$","link","0",{"rel":"stylesheet","href":"/Canadian-Internship-List/_next/static/chunks/27qco0t-0e8pf.css","precedence":"next","crossOrigin":"$undefined","nonce":"$undefined"}]]],"S":true,"h":null,"r":"$undefined","s":"$undefined","a":"$undefined","l":"$undefined","p":"$undefined","d":"$undefined","b":"LY_sVtwmBnAms9pA6H0wu"}
9:[["$","meta","0",{"charSet":"utf-8"}],["$","meta","1",{"name":"viewport","content":"width=device-width, initial-scale=1"}]]
7:null
b:[["$","title","0",{"children":"InterQuery | Tech Internship Tracker"}],["$","meta","1",{"name":"description","content":"Internship openings from Microsoft, Google, NVIDIA, Shopify, Apple, Amazon, AMD, Intel, IBM, SAP, Salesforce, Stripe, Spotify, Databricks, Snowflake, Uber, Meta, and Netflix across Canada, the United States, the United Kingdom, and Singapore."}]]
d:I[20238,["/Canadian-Internship-List/_next/static/chunks/3fntmmi971322.js","/Canadian-Internship-List/_next/static/chunks/1m9o6mh-zoh9e.js"],"default"]
e:T14af,Overview Come build community, explore your passions and do your best work at Microsoft with thousands of University interns from every corner of the world. This opportunity will allow you to bring your aspirations, talent, potential and excitement for the journey ahead. As a Product Manager Intern, you will define product vision and strategy by leveraging a deep understanding of the customer experience and competitive market, while identifying short-and long-term investment opportunities, evaluating tradeoffs, and driving the product roadmap. You will build consensus on product strategy, define features, vision and goals for a specific product(s) or set of features. This opportunity will allow you to develop and execute strategies to enable in-product organic growth and focus on central, cross-functional leadership of a product. At Microsoft, Interns work on real-world projects in collaboration with teams across the world, while having fun along the way. You’ll be empowered to build community, explore your passions and achieve your goals. This is your chance to bring your solutions and ideas to life while working on cutting-edge technology. At Microsoft, our mission to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more guides how we partner with customers to deliver trusted, impactful solutions. With a growth mindset culture, we innovate responsibly and measure success by shared progress people, teams, and customers. Join us to do meaningful work that changes the world and helps shape what’s next for everyone. This is for a summer 2027 internship. Responsibilities Identifies customers’ unmet or unknown needs and market opportunities for enhancements or development of a feature (e.g., product, service) via quantitative and qualitative analyses and scope the impact of a problem. Drives and tracks Key Results, success criteria and performance metrics. Partner with Software Engineering and Hardware Engineering to identify needed data and ensure telemetry is developed. Determines features or experiences to prioritize in the roadmap that will support achievement of success criteria and Objectives and Key Results (OKRs). Gathers input on priorities and resources needed to deliver desired outcomes for a single feature (e.g., product, service). Iterates multiple designs with Design, Software Engineering, and Hardware Engineering. Assist in facilitating reviews (e.g., UX, system designs, data designs) with customers (e.g., regulators, engineers, policy makers, business-decision makers) to determine usability and ensure accessibility criteria and updated designs meet customer goals. Collaborates with Product Marketing, Business Planning, and Engineering to identify product release criteria, customer acquisition, and usage. Monitors and reports on progress and derive insights that lead to productive courses of action to improve product/feature development, iteration, and implementation. Builds trust with customers. Leverage a line of communication with customers to capture feedback and insights through the product development lifecycle. Qualifications Required Qualifications: Currently pursuing a Bachelor's Degree with at least one semester/term of school remaining following the completion of the internship OR Currently pursuing a Master's Degree with at least one semester/term of school remaining following the completion of the internship OR Currently pursuing a Doctorate with at least one semester/term of school remaining following the completion of the internship. Preferred Qualifications: Currently pursuing a Bachelor's or Master's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field. Experience in product/service/project/program management or software development or equivalent experience. The base pay range for this internship is USD $5,690.00 - $11,210.00 per month. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $7,410.00 - $12,250.00 per month. Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other compensation. Find additional benefits and pay information here: https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-intern-pay Microsoft accepts applications and processes offers for these roles on an ongoing basis throughout the academic calendar (September - April) This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.f:T1422,Overview Come build community, explore your passions and do your best work at Microsoft with thousands of University interns from every corner of the world. This opportunity will allow you to bring your aspirations, talent, potential, and excitement for the journey ahead. As a Software Engineering Intern, you will build end-to-end product experiences across user interfaces, APIs, and backend services. You will collaborate with engineers, designers, and product managers to create intuitive, accessible, and high-quality experiences that delight customers. You will contribute across the full development lifecycle, from designing responsive user interfaces and building scalable services to testing, debugging, and iterating on features based on customer feedback. This opportunity will enable you to strengthen your full-stack engineering skills while delivering experiences that impact millions of users around the world.At Microsoft, Interns work on real-world projects in collaboration with teams across the world, while having fun along the way. You’ll be empowered to build community, explore your passions and achieve your goals. This is your chance to bring your solutions and ideas to life while working on cutting-edge technology. Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate to empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond. Responsibilities Applies engineering principles to solve complex problems through sound and creative engineering. Works with appropriate stakeholders to determine user requirements for a feature. Quickly learns new engineering methods and incorporates them into work processes. Seeks feedback and applies internal or industry best practices to improve technical solutions. Demonstrates skill in time management and completing software projects in a cooperative team environment. Reviews current developments and proactively seeks new knowledge that will improve the availability, reliability, efficiency, observability, and performance of products while also driving consistency in monitoring and operations at scale. Qualifications Currently pursuing Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related technical field with at least one semester/term remaining following the completion of the internship,OR currently pursuing Master’s Degree in Computer Science or related technical field with at least one semester/term remaining following the completion of the internship. Preferred Qualifications 1+ year(s) of programming experience. 6+ months of experience in delivering projects in teams. 1+ year(s) of experience in developing and applying data structures and algorithms. Coursework, projects, or prior experience building end-to-end applications. Experience with TypeScript or JavaScript and modern web frameworks such as React or Angular. Experience building backend services using C#, Java, Node.js, Python, or similar technologies. Familiarity with REST APIs, testing frameworks, accessibility principles, and modern software engineering practices. Coursework, projects, or prior experience in machine learning, artificial intelligence, or data science. Experience programming in Python and familiarity with ML frameworks such as PyTorch, TensorFlow, or similar technologies. Understanding of machine learning concepts, model evaluation, retrieval systems, large language models, or prompt engineering. The base pay range for this internship is USD $5,690.00 - $11,210.00 per month. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $7,410.00 - $12,250.00 per month. Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other compensation. Find additional benefits and pay information here: https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-intern-pay Microsoft accepts applications and processes offers for these roles on an ongoing basis throughout the academic calendar (September - April) This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.10:Ta8e,At NVIDIA, we are building Cosmos world foundation models and generative AI systems for Physical AI across robotics, autonomous driving, smart spaces, and embodied agents. The NVIDIA Cosmos Platform enables multimodal world understanding, simulation, synthetic data generation, and embodied reasoning. We are looking for outstanding PhD interns to help advance the frontier of Physical AI and world models. What you’ll be doing: Conduct research in generative AI, multimodal foundation models, world models, and embodied AI. Develop algorithms for video understanding/generation, action-conditioned simulation, multimodal reasoning, and policy learning. Train and evaluate large-scale models using video, image, language, and robotics or autonomous driving data. Collaborate with researchers and engineers across AI, robotics, simulation, and graphics teams. Publish research at top conferences and transfer innovations into NVIDIA products. What we need to see: Currently pursuing a PhD in CS, EE, Robotics, or related fields. Strong background in generative AI, computer vision, multimodal learning, robotics, or reinforcement learning. Prior publication record and research experience. Strong Python and PyTorch skills. Ways to stand out from the crowd: Experience with large-scale foundation model training. Research in video models, VLMs, world models, robotics, or autonomous driving. Experience with distributed training, simulation, or embodied AI. NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-thinking and hardworking people in the world working for us. If you're creative and autonomous, we want to hear from you! Our internship hourly rates are a standard pay based on the position, your location, year in school, degree, and experience. The hourly rate for our interns is 38 USD - 94 USD. You will also be eligible for Intern benefits. Applications for this job will be accepted at least until September 27, 2026. This posting is for an existing vacancy. NVIDIA uses AI tools in its recruiting processes. NVIDIA is committed to fostering an inclusive work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing. Today, our AI infrastructure powers global intelligence, transforming every industry. Learn more about NVIDIA.11:Tcbc,NVIDIA Research is seeking PhD-level students to work as research interns and drive groundbreaking research at the intersection of AI, GPU computing, Formal Methods, and Electronic Design Automation (EDA). AI and GPU acceleration are transforming chip design, and this role offers the opportunity to shape that future. In this internship, you will gain a broad perspective across areas including EDA algorithms, agentic AI, LLMs, and GPU computing. Specific areas of research interest include but are not limited to GPU-accelerated optimization algorithms, physical design algorithms, formal methods, agentic AI, and reinforcement learning techniques. What You’ll Be Doing: Apply AI (Agentic AI, LLMs, Generative AI, Reinforcement learning) and GPU acceleration to chip design workflows. Research and develop creative and innovative EDA software and algorithms. Collaborate with circuits, VLSI, and architecture team members in research and product teams. Plan to publish and present your original research What We Need To See: Pursuing a PhD in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or related fields Publications in leading EDA or AI conferences on AI for EDA, Formal Methods, or GPU-accelerated EDA. Excellent programming skills in rapid prototyping environments such as Python; C++ and parallel programming (e.g., CUDA) is a plus. Expertise in EDA (e.g., formal verification techniques, logic synthesis, physical design, and timing and signoff) algorithms combined with publications and project experience applying AI to impactful problems. Excellent self-motivation, a high degree of creativity, and a passion for research, collaboration skills, and the ability to work effectively within a research team. Excellent written and verbal communication skills, with proven experience communicating technical work (e.g., academic presentations, poster sessions); ability to synthesize and explain complex technical concepts. Widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers, NVIDIA has some of the most forward-thinking and hardworking people in the world inventing the future for us. Are you a creative and collaborative researcher interested in seeking new challenges? If so, we want to hear from you! Our internship hourly rates are a standard pay based on the position, your location, year in school, degree, and experience. The hourly rate for our interns is 38 USD - 94 USD. You will also be eligible for Intern benefits. Applications for this job will be accepted at least until September 27, 2026. This posting is for an existing vacancy. NVIDIA uses AI tools in its recruiting processes. NVIDIA is committed to fostering an inclusive work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing. Today, our AI infrastructure powers global intelligence, transforming every industry. Learn more about NVIDIA.12:Tc38,NVIDIA Research is seeking leading researchers in the area of simulation and AI for quantum. You should have a strong background of research excellence, software systems building experience, and interest in advancing the state-of-the-art in quantum computing and applications of GPUs to the quantum computing ecosystem. Specific areas of research interest include but are not limited to bespoke quantum representations, tensor network methods, quantum surrogate modeling, quantum inverse design, and automated proving for quantum systems. What you’ll be doing: Research and develop creative and innovative algorithms and software systems for the quantum computing ecosystem. Collaborate with research and product teams in the areas of machine learning, programming systems, and quantum computing. Publish and present your original research, speak at conferences and events. Collaborate with external quantum computing researchers. Run large-scale experiments on large clusters of GPUs to advance the state-of-the-art in quantum computing simulation. What we need to see: Currently pursuing a Ph.D. in Quantum Physics or related fields 1+ years of relevant research experience in quantum computing with a strong research record, well-referenced publications and/or patents. Strong basis in linear algebra and expertise in math for quantum computing and tensor algebraic methods. Experience with Python and, ideally, CUDA Experience with commonly used machine learning frameworks (PyTorch, Tensorflow, JAX). Strong communication and teamwork skills. NVIDIA’s invention of the GPU in 1999 sparked the growth of the PC gaming market, redefined modern computer graphics, and revolutionized parallel computing. More recently, GPU deep learning ignited modern AI — the next era of computing — with the GPU acting as the brain of computers, robots, and self-driving cars that can perceive and understand the world. Today, we are increasingly known as “the AI computing company.” We're looking to grow our company, and build our teams with the smartest people in the world. Join us at the forefront of technological advancement. Our internship hourly rates are a standard pay based on the position, your location, year in school, degree, and experience. The hourly rate for our interns is 38 USD - 94 USD. You will also be eligible for Intern benefits. Applications for this job will be accepted at least until September 27, 2026. This posting is for an existing vacancy. NVIDIA uses AI tools in its recruiting processes. NVIDIA is committed to fostering an inclusive work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing. Today, our AI infrastructure powers global intelligence, transforming every industry. Learn more about NVIDIA.13:T102f,Job Details: Job Description: Contributes to module process development, process integration flows, and equipment configuration for manufacturing modules. Supports yield improvement initiatives by analyzing defect data, conducting experiments, and assisting in risk assessments. Electrcial characterization of transistors and analysis of data to help yield or improved process conditions. Collaborates with engineering teams to optimize metrology strategies and troubleshoot process flow issues. Contributes to continuous improvement efforts in high volume manufacturing environments. As an intern, learns and applies knowledge, builds skills, and explores future career opportunities through hands on experience and projects that support Intel business goals in a collaborative environment Qualifications: You must possess the below minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position. Preferred qualifications are in addition to the minimum qualifications and are considered a plus factor in identifying top candidates. Experience listed below would be obtained through a combination of your schoolwork, classes, research, relevant previous job, and/or internship experiences. Minimum qualifications: Must be pursuing a PhD degree in a hard science discipline such as Electrical Engineering, Physics, Materials Science. Research related to semiconductor materials Preferred qualifications: Track record of role modelling safety in the lab environment. Semiconductor process knowledge Willing to work in a lab and clean room environment, with safety equipment such as glasses and gloves and transistor characterization Device test and data analysis, experience with DLTS Experience measuring devices on a cryo-prober Semiconductor device physics knowledge GPA 3.0 or higher Join us at Intel to contribute to technological advancements while building a rewarding and impactful career. Apply now to be a part of our extraordinary journey. Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, Oregon, Hillsboro Additional Locations: Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $120,898.00-120,902.00 USD The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will be eligible for our hybrid work model which allows employees to split their time between working on-site at their assigned Intel site and off-site. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process14:T13d4,Our work at NVIDIA is dedicated towards a computing model focused on visual and AI computing. For two decades, NVIDIA has pioneered visual computing, the art and science of computer graphics, with our invention of the GPU. The GPU has also shown to be spectacularly effective at solving some of the most complex problems in computer science. Today, NVIDIA’s GPU simulates human intelligence, running deep learning algorithms and acting as the brain of computers, robots and self-driving cars that can perceive and understand the world. We are looking to grow our company and teams with the smartest people in the world and there has never been a more exciting time to join our team! The AI Infrastructure Product Design team creates software used by engineers and researchers to prepare data, run complex workflows, and understand results. This internship offers ownership of a defined product problem from early research through a tested design and implementation handoff. Designers on this team often move between Figma and working HTML prototypes, and may hand off HTML directly to engineering. This work calls for a high standard of visual and interaction design alongside technical fluency. The role is a good fit for someone who enjoys making technically complex systems easier to understand and who uses large language models and software agents thoughtfully as part of their design and prototyping process. What you will be doing: Own a focused design project for an internal AI infrastructure product, from understanding the problem through a validated design and implementation handoff. Interview engineers and researchers, map their workflows, and turn the findings into clear product requirements, user flows, and interaction models. Create precise, implementation-ready interface designs and interactive prototypes in Figma and HTML/CSS, with careful attention to typography, hierarchy, spacing, visual consistency, interaction states, and edge cases. Test them with users and improve the design based on evidence. Work closely with product managers and software engineers to understand technical constraints, make tradeoffs, and support the design through implementation. Use large language models and software agents as working partners for research synthesis, concept exploration, prototyping, and documentation, while reviewing outputs critically and validating them with users and teammates. What we need to see: Pursuing a BS or MS in Product Design, Human Computer Interaction, Interaction Design, Computer Science, or equivalent program. Experience using Figma and writing HTML/CSS, with enough JavaScript to build or modify interactive prototypes and hand off understandable front-end code. A portfolio with at least two case studies that demonstrate a high standard of visual and interaction design. The work should show careful typography, hierarchy, spacing, component behavior, and attention to detail, as well as the problem, key decisions, iterations, and final result. At least one case study should include an interactive or coded prototype. Experience conducting user interviews or usability tests and translating findings into specific design changes. Ways to stand out from the crowd: Interested in designing tools for AI, data, developer workflows, autonomous vehicles, or other technically complex domains. Experience designing enterprise or business software with dense data, multi-step workflows, or unfamiliar technical concepts. Familiarity with design systems, accessibility, data visualization, or contributing reusable interface patterns. Experience building more advanced prototypes or interfaces with JavaScript, React, or another front-end framework. A curious and collaborative approach, with examples of taking initiative and improving work through feedback from users and teammates. NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-thinking and hardworking people in the world working for us. If you're creative and autonomous, we want to hear from you! Our internship hourly rates are a standard pay based on the position, your location, year in school, degree, and experience. The hourly rate for our interns is 20 USD - 71 USD. You will also be eligible for Intern benefits. Applications for this job will be accepted at least until September 26, 2026. This posting is for an existing vacancy. NVIDIA uses AI tools in its recruiting processes. NVIDIA is committed to fostering an inclusive work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing. Today, our AI infrastructure powers global intelligence, transforming every industry. Learn more about NVIDIA.15:Te7a,NVIDIA has continuously reinvented itself over two decades. Our invention of the GPU in 1999 fueled the growth of the PC gaming market, redefined modern computer graphics, and revolutionized parallel computing. More recently, GPU deep learning ignited modern AI — the next era of computing. NVIDIA is a “learning machine” that constantly evolves by adapting to new opportunities which are hard to tackle, that only we can pursue, and that matter to the world. This is our life’s work, to amplify human inventiveness and intelligence. We are now looking for a motivated Physical Design and Timing Engineer – Intern to join our dynamic and growing team. If you want to challenge yourself and be a part of something great, join us today! What you'll be doing: Drive physical design, power, and timing closure for high-frequency and low-power designs. Help drive frontend and backend implementation in select areas, from RTL to GDSII. Run physical design experiments and help develop flows and methodologies. What we need to see: Pursuing an MS or Ph.D. in Electrical or Computer Engineering. Familiarity with applying AI/ML techniques to physical design workflows to accelerate design, analysis, or automation tasks. Knowledge of or experience with Static Timing Analysis (STA), power analysis, and power reduction. Some experience in logic synthesis and equivalence checking. Experience with physical optimization, e.g., placement, routing, clock tree, etc. Some background in industry-standard EDA tools (e.g., Cadence, Synopsys, Siemens, etc.). Proficiency in programming and scripting languages such as Perl, Tcl, Make, Python, etc. Ways to stand out from the crowd: Hands-on experience applying AI/ML models or LLM-based tools to solve EDA, design automation, or physical design problems. Previous work experience in physical design. Experience in methodology and/or flow development/automation. Please note – The interview process for this internship will include submitting a solution to a technical problem in the form of a short PowerPoint slide deck. This is applicable for candidates who are invited to a 2nd phone interview. More information about the Business Challenge will be sent after being invited to a 2nd interview. Final decision will be made based on Business Challenge submission and interviews. NVIDIA is widely considered one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We employ some of the most forward-thinking and talented people in the world. Are you passionate about joining our life work to amplify human creativity and intelligence? If you are creative, collaborative, and have a real passion for design methodology and automation, we want to hear from you. Our internship hourly rates are a standard pay based on the position, your location, year in school, degree, and experience. The hourly rate for our interns is 20 USD - 71 USD. You will also be eligible for Intern benefits. Applications for this job will be accepted at least until September 26, 2026. This posting is for an existing vacancy. NVIDIA uses AI tools in its recruiting processes. NVIDIA is committed to fostering an inclusive work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing. Today, our AI infrastructure powers global intelligence, transforming every industry. Learn more about NVIDIA.16:T190f,Overview Come build community, explore your passions and do your best work at Microsoft with thousands of University interns from every corner of the world. This opportunity will allow you to bring your aspirations, talent, potential—and excitement for the journey ahead. As a Security Research Intern, under supervision you will design and conduct security research including malware analysis, threat and vulnerability analysis, adversary tracking, threat intelligence, detection and remediation development and other technology application focuses related to the understanding of the threat landscape with intent to disrupt adversaries or provide protection via defensive products and services. You will help generate solutions including first party mitigation and working closely with customers and partners and support operational security and security incidents as well as security reviews and reporting. We are building a cutting-edge Cloud solution that gives customers visibility and control without impeding agility and helps them stay ahead of cyber threats as they evolve. You will join the group that is responsible for advanced threat detection capabilities, leveraging machine learning and behavioral profiling to detect emerging threats and advanced attacks by engineering a hyper-scale service to defend millions of hosts. At Microsoft, Interns work on real-world projects in collaboration with teams across the world, while having fun along the way. You’ll be empowered to build community, explore your passions and achieve your goals. This is your chance to bring your solutions and ideas to life while working on cutting-edge technology. Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate to empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond. #EiP Responsibilities Begins to analyze threat trends and anomalies to determine operational impact. Determines vectors that introduce threat and potential mitigation strategies. Learns about systemic security issues and how to address them. Processes threat reporting from internal and external sources. Provides discrete threat data based on intelligence requirements or customer requests. Identifies security defects or vulnerabilities and deficiencies in security guidance. Contributes code to technical implementation and automation of solutions to address security issues, such as signature detection, malware, threat analysis, or reverse engineering. Uses results from research and experimentation to support architecture or product direction. Identifies areas of dependency and overlap with other teams or team members. Provides constructive input so the work is integrated and timely. Communicates the status of deliverables and dependencies to meet schedule. Engages in measures to protect tools, techniques, information, and results of security practices. Responds to incidents for systems or products as needed. Uses results of pen testing to improve products and services. Qualifications Required Qualifications: Currently pursuing a Bachelor's Degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or related field Must have at least one additional quarter/semester of school remaining following the completion of the internship Other Requirements: Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud Background Check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Citizenship & Citizenship Verification: This role will require access to information that is controlled for export under export control regulations, potentially under the U.S. International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) or Export Administration Regulations (EAR), the EU Dual Use Regulation, and/or other export control regulations. As a condition of employment, the successful candidate will be required to provide either proof of their country of citizenship or proof of their U.S. permanent residency or other protected status (e.g., under 8 U.S.C. § 1324b(a)(3)) for assessment of eligibility to access the export-controlled information. To meet this legal requirement, and as a condition of employment, the successful candidate’s citizenship will be verified with a valid passport. Lawful permanent residents, refugees, and asylees may verify status using other documents, where applicable. Preferred Qualifications: Currently pursuing a Master's Degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or related field The base pay range for this internship is USD $5,690.00 - $11,210.00 per month. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $7,410.00 - $12,250.00 per month. Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other compensation. Find additional benefits and pay information here: https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-intern-pay Microsoft accepts applications and processes offers for these roles on an ongoing basis throughout the academic calendar (September - April) This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.17:T1d66,Overview We're hiring for multiple 6-month internship positions beginning in January 2027. Business Function Overview: In alignment with our Microsoft values, we are committed to cultivating an inclusive work environment for all employees to positively impact our culture every day and we need you as a Datacenter Critical Environment Technician (CET) Intern. Microsoft’s Cloud Operations & Innovation (CO+I) is the engine that powers our cloud services. As a CET Intern, you will perform a key role in delivering the core infrastructure and foundational technologies for Microsoft's online services including Bing, Office 365, Xbox, OneDrive, and the Microsoft Azure platform. As a group, CO+I is focused on the personal and professional development for all employees and offers trainings and growth opportunities including Career Rotation Programs, Diversity & Inclusion trainings and events, and professional certifications. Our infrastructure is comprised of a large global portfolio of more than 100 datacenters and 1 million servers. Our foundation is built upon and managed by a team of subject matter experts working to support services for more than 1 billion customers and 20 million businesses in over 90 countries worldwide. With environmental sustainability and optimization at the forefront of our datacenter design and operations, we continue to grow and evolve as we meet the ever-changing business demands that hold Microsoft as a world-class cloud provider. Do you want to empower billions across the world? Come and join us in CO+I and be at the forefront of the action! Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate to empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond. Responsibilities Learn how to operate all systems and equipment in a safe and professional manner and learn about all risks associated with these systems. Perform basic monitoring and inspection of critical environment-related facility equipment, building, and grounds for unsafe or abnormal conditions and basic monitoring of the performance of maintenance and operations of equipment (e.g., electrical, mechanical, fire/life safety) within the data center. Utilize internal computerized maintenance management system (CMMS) to track all equipment assets and to complete work order requests for maintenance work. Safely assist in providing emergency monitoring and response to various abnormal conditions with supervision following emergency operating procedures (EOPs). Gather necessary information and participate in the creation of incident timelines/data, root-cause analyses, and/or action items following an abnormal condition as required. Perform various types of maintenance (e.g., planned, predictive, corrective) as assigned following methods of procedure (MOPs), and standard operating procedures (SOPs). Provide assistance by prepping materials and performing administrative tasks as instructed. Document tasks/issues found in maintenance and troubleshooting for follow up as needed and escalate as appropriate. Embody our culture and values Qualifications Required Qualifications: High School Diploma or equivalent. Basic knowledge of electrical and/or mechanical systems Minimum of 18 years of age. You are studying at/or have graduated from a technical college. Background Check Requirements: Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter The successful candidate currently has the ability to obtain Reliability Status screening from a duly authorized department or agency of the Government of Canada. This process includes but is not limited to: Verification of identity, background, education, professional credentials, personal and professional references, credit check and criminal background check. Reliability Status screening may also require a security questionnaire and security interview. To obtain the requisite clearance within required timelines, applicants must have five (5) years of continuous Canadian residency and must not have lived or worked outside of Canada for more than six (6) months during that time unless Microsoft is satisfied that the requisite clearance can nevertheless be obtained within required timelines. Preferred Qualifications: Electrical or mechanical diploma. Trade certification. Ability to support frequent standing, walking, lifting, and working at heights with or without equipment assistance. Able to communicate effectively with multiple stakeholders. Proficient in written and oral English communication to support regional and global teams. Desire to learn, grow, and develop new technical skills. Flexibility to work non-standard business hours that may include weekends and/or holidays. Intern - Data Center- The typical base pay range for this role across Canada is CAD $43,800 - CAD $50,000 per year. Find additional pay information here: https://careers.microsoft.com/v2/global/en/canada-pay-information.html Ce poste sera ouvert pendant au moins cinq jours et les candidatures seront acceptées de façon continue jusqu’à ce que le poste soit pourvu. This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled. Microsoft est un employeur offrant l’égalité d’accès à l’emploi. Tous les candidats qualifiés seront pris en considération pour l’emploi, sans égard à l’âge, à l’ascendance, à la citoyenneté, à la couleur, aux congés médicaux ou familiaux, à l’identité ou à l’expression de genre, aux renseignements génétiques, à l’état d’immigration, à l’état matrimonial, à l’état de santé, à l’origine nationale, à un éventuel handicap physique ou mental, à l’affiliation politique, au statut de vétéran protégé ou au statut militaire, à la race, à l’ethnie, à la religion, au sexe (y compris la grossesse), à l’orientation sexuelle ou à toute autre caractéristique protégée par les lois, ordonnances et règlements locaux applicables. Si vous avez besoin d’aide avec des accommodements religieux et/ou d’un accommodement raisonnable en raison d’un handicap pendant le processus de candidature, apprenez-en plus sur la demande d’accommodement. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.18:T1807,Overview Come build community, explore your passions and do your best work at Microsoft with thousands of university interns from every corner of the world. This opportunity will allow you to bring your aspirations, talent, potential – and excitement for the journey ahead. ​​ This internship will take place during the summer of 2027 in Redmond, WA. As a Finance MBA Intern in Microsoft’s Central Finance Team, you will own a high-impact project for 12 weeks that helps senior Finance leaders understand business performance, evaluate strategic tradeoffs, and make informed decisions across one of the world’s largest technology companies. The Central Finance team at Microsoft is responsible for analysis of company performance, creation of financial forecasts, development of the annual budget, ensuring accurate close results, and providing ad-hoc support for management requests. Your project will provide you with valuable insights into the company, its stakeholders’ objectives, internal systems, operating practices, and constraints. You will be able to apply your previous knowledge and skills to develop solutions to complex issues. Throughout your internship, you will have the chance to learn about various aspects of the company and its operations. At the end of your internship, you will have the opportunity to present your work and findings to senior finance leaders. This is a great opportunity for MBA students to gain hands-on experience and make meaningful contributions to the company. As an intern at Microsoft, you’re stepping into a world of real impact from day one. You’ll collaborate with global teams on meaningful projects, explore cutting-edge technologies like AI, and kick start your career while doing it. With a strong focus on learning and development, this is your opportunity to grow your skills, build community, and shape your future. You will be supported by an intern manager and the broader Finance community, with opportunities to receive mentorship, connect with Finance leaders, explore career paths across Microsoft, and build relationships with fellow interns. Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate and empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond. ​ Responsibilities Contributes to the analysis of present and future financial performance of various products, segments, or other businesses. Assists more upper-level team members to conduct analysis and research studies of financial plans, acquisition activity, and future opportunities. ​ Assists in the execution of annual business planning and forecasting process. Gathers insight and contributes to analysis and research to support preliminary and adjusted forecast cycles. ​ Contributes insights for financial plans, variance analysis, resource optimization, investments, key performance indicators (KPIs), long-range planning, and driving margin accountability. Manages and executes processes through engagement with internal and external stakeholders. ​ Assembles and summarizes data through data mining and business intelligence to structure reports and financial models for decision support. Leverages statistical analyses, predictive analytics, and financial modeling techniques to conduct sophisticated analyses. Acts as subject matter expert for data management and operations. Understands the history of data procurement, location, methods, issues, and actions taken. ​ Use AI-enabled tools, automation, and advanced analytics to accelerate financial analysis, identify insights, and improve the scalability and quality of Finance processes. Communicates recurring and ad-hoc results in a logical and understandable message. ​ Embody our culture and values . ​ Qualifications Required Qualifications ​ Currently pursuing a Full-time Master of Business Administration (MBA) degree. ​ Must have at least 1 semester/term remaining following the completion of the internship. ​ 3+ years experience in financial analysis, accounting, controllership, finance, or related field OR equivalent experience ​ ​ Preferred Qualifications ​ Demonstrated experience in Financial Planning and Analysis (FP&A) within a global organization ​ Proven track record of working in large-scale global organizations ​ Extensive corporate finance experience, including financial analysis, forecasting, and budgeting The base pay range for this internship is USD $5,190.00 - $10,250.00 per month. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $6,810.00 - $11,330.00 per month. Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other compensation. Find additional benefits and pay information here: https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-intern-pay Microsoft accepts applications and processes offers for these roles on an ongoing basis throughout the academic calendar (September - April) This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.19:T16f6,Overview Come build community, explore your passions and do your best work at Microsoft with thousands of university interns from every corner of the world. This opportunity will allow you to bring your aspirations, talent, potential – and excitement for the journey ahead. This internship will take place during the summer of 20 27 As a Finance MBA Intern, you will work for 12 weeks in the Treasury Team at Microsoft. This team is responsible for th e oversight of Microsoft’s $1 0 0 + billion in financial assets, global cash and bank account infrastructure , and supports collection of over 95% of Microsoft’s revenue . Treasury also develops and executes funding strategies to support Microsoft’s AI and Cloud investments and provides a broad perspective on business risk and strategies to mitigate it. Interns will have the opportunity to work alongside members of the Treasury Team to deliver recommendations on key projects. These projects will provide you with valuable insights into the company, its stakeholders’ objectives , internal systems, operating practices, and constraints. Throughout your internship, you will have the chance to learn about various aspects of the company and its Tre asury operations. At the end of your internship, you will have the opportunity to present your work and findings to upper-level finance leaders. This is a great opportunity for MBA students to gain hands-on experience and make meaningful contributions to the company . As an intern at Microsoft, you’re stepping into a world of real impact from day one. You’ll collaborate with global teams on meaningful projects, explore cutting-edge technologies like AI, and kick start your career while doing it. With a strong focus on learning and development, this is your opportunity to grow your skills, build community, and shape your future—all while being supported every step of the way. Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate and empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond. Responsibilities Contribute to the analysis of current and projected cash flows, liquidity positions, funding needs, and capital requirements across Microsoft’s global businesses. Support research and analytical projects that inform treasury strategy, capital allocation decisions, and financial planning activities. Assist in the evaluation of capital structure, capital return, investment, and funding strategies through financial modeling, peer benchmarking, and market research. Develop insights on industry trends, macroeconomic developments, and key financial metrics to support decision making. Support initiatives focused on optimizing liquidity, managing financial risks, enhancing banking and payment capabilities, and improving treasury operations. Collaborate with internal stakeholders and external financial partners to execute treasury processes and identify opportunities for efficiency and innovation. Analyze economic, financial market, and business data to assess implications for Microsoft’s investment portfolio and treasury strategy. Apply quantitative and analytical techniques to evaluate scenarios, model outcomes, and develop recommendations within a risk and return framework. Synthesize complex financial information into clear, actionable insights and communicate findings through executive-ready presentations, reports, and recommendations for treasury leadership and cross-functional partners. Embody our culture and values . Qualifications Required Qualifications Currently pursuing a Full-time Master of Business Administration (MBA) degree. Must have at least 1 semester/term remaining following the completion of the internship. 3+ years experience in financial analysis, accounting, , finance, or related field OR equivalent experience Preferred Qualifications Demonstrated experience in Financial Planning and Analysis (FP&A), Treasury, or banking within a global organization Proven track record of working in large-scale global organizations Extensive corporate finance experience, including financial analysis, forecasting, and budgeting The base pay range for this internship is USD $5,190.00 - $10,250.00 per month. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $6,810.00 - $11,330.00 per month. Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other compensation. Find additional benefits and pay information here: https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-intern-pay Microsoft accepts applications and processes offers for these roles on an ongoing basis throughout the academic calendar (September - April) This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.1a:T1216,NVIDIA is seeking outstanding Research Interns to join the Data-Driven AI for Robotics (DAIR) group. The focus is on learning embodied skills from large-scale human data. Our objective is to develop AI systems that capture, understand, and reproduce complex human motion and interaction skills across physical and digital embodiments, including humanoid robots and animated characters. Our research spans the full stack: reconstructing human motion and human-object interactions from video; generating diverse, controllable character behaviors; transferring motion across embodiments; and training physically grounded controllers for humanoid robots and interactive virtual characters. You will collaborate with a passionate and supportive research team that consistently produces influential work published at leading computer vision, machine learning, graphics, and robotics conferences. You will also have the opportunity to collaborate with world-class research and product teams across NVIDIA, following our strong “one-team” culture. What you'll be doing: Innovate and implement novel AI algorithms that transform large-scale human data into controllable motion and interaction skills across physical and digital embodiments. Develop robust, scalable training and inference pipelines for motion reconstruction, generation, retargeting, and character and robot control. Build methods that transfer human skills to humanoid robots, including whole-body loco-manipulation and dexterous manipulation. Maintain a close, collaborative relationship with your mentor(s). Publish your research findings at leading computer vision, machine learning, graphics, and robotics conferences. Partner with product teams to enable effective technology transfer of your work. Research Topics Include: Human motion and human-object interaction reconstruction, synthesis, and generation. Learning character and robot skills from video, motion-capture, and teleoperation data. Cross-embodiment motion generation, retargeting, and tracking. Whole-body humanoid control, loco-manipulation, and dexterous manipulation. Reinforcement learning and imitation learning. Differentiable physics simulation and physically grounded motion generation. World action models, vision-language-action models, video and motion foundation models, and LLM-based agents for data generation and embodied AI. What we need to see: Pursuing a PhD degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Robotics, or a related field. Highly efficient and creative use of coding agents to accelerate research prototyping, experimentation, and development. Outstanding engineering skills in rapid prototyping and developing model-training and simulation frameworks (e.g., PyTorch, Isaac Lab, MuJoCo). Excellent skills in working with large-scale machine learning/AI systems and compute infrastructure. A promising research track record with at least one publication at leading computer vision, computer graphics or robotics conference (e.g. CVPR, ICCV, SIGGRAPH, CoRL, etc.). Experience in human motion modeling, human-object interaction, character animation, robot learning, reinforcement or imitation learning, cross-embodiment motion tracking, generative modeling, video understanding, or differentiable physics simulation is preferred. NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-thinking and productive people in the world. Please join us and be at the forefront of developing the next generation of embodied AI systems, spanning humanoid robots and digital characters. Our internship hourly rates are a standard pay based on the position, your location, year in school, degree, and experience. The hourly rate for our interns is 38 USD - 94 USD. You will also be eligible for Intern benefits. Applications for this job will be accepted at least until September 25, 2026. This posting is for an existing vacancy. NVIDIA uses AI tools in its recruiting processes. NVIDIA is committed to fostering an inclusive work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing. Today, our AI infrastructure powers global intelligence, transforming every industry. Learn more about NVIDIA.1b:T10b2,NVIDIA Research is seeking extraordinary networking innovators to join our NVResearch team. As a research intern on this team, you will contribute to the development of future high-performance networking and computing systems. We are seeking a balanced background of research excellence in building systems and a deep understanding and broad perspective across the fields of computer architecture and communication systems for distributed computation. NVIDIA has pioneered programmable GPUs and the CUDA language, and this visionary Research team will take those technologies to the next level with its creative ideas and new inventions. This position offers you the opportunity to have a real impact while working with some of the most creative and forward-thinking people in the world who are here at this dynamic, technology-focused company.  What you'll be doing:  Develop algorithms and design hardware and software, extending the state of the art in computing, networking, and other technology areas surrounding NVIDIA's business.  Invent new techniques, technologies, methodologies, processes, and devices, to enable new products or types of products. Deliverable results include prototypes, patents, and publications. Contribute to research that informs NVIDIA's technology direction 5-10 years out. Work focuses on long-horizon problems rather than products currently shipping or in development, except as to how they can be extended and improved.  Projects can include but are not limited to: optimizing communication stacks for AI training and inference, designing network protocols and congestion control, co-designing AI systems across software and hardware, developing circuits and microarchitecture for network controllers and switches, and architecting networks built on optical switching and silicon photonics. What we need to see:  Pursuing a PhD degree in CS, CE, EE, Physics, Math, or equivalent program. Relevant industry or university research experience (hardware, software, networking). Background in networking architectures, topologies, routing, and system design. Publications at top-tier conferences (ISCA, HPCA, NSDI, SIGCOMM, etc.), or research clearly on track toward them. Hands-on experience with simulation of networks and high-performance computing systems. Familiarity with inference and training systems for AI models and associated communication patterns. Excellent programming skills in a rapid prototyping environment such as Python; C++ and parallel programming. Experience building or using AI agents to accelerate research — automating experiments, analyzing results, or generating and reviewing code. Widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers, NVIDIA is an industry leader with groundbreaking developments in High-Performance Computing, Artificial Intelligence and Visualization. The GPU, our invention, serves as the visual cortex of modern computers and is at the heart of our products and services. Our work opens up new universes to explore, enables amazing creativity and discovery and powers what were once science fiction inventions from artificial intelligence to autonomous cars. NVIDIA is looking for great research talent to help us accelerate the next wave of computing! Our internship hourly rates are a standard pay based on the position, your location, year in school, degree, and experience. The hourly rate for our interns is 38 USD - 94 USD. You will also be eligible for Intern benefits. Applications for this job will be accepted at least until September 25, 2026. This posting is for an existing vacancy. NVIDIA uses AI tools in its recruiting processes. NVIDIA is committed to fostering an inclusive work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing. Today, our AI infrastructure powers global intelligence, transforming every industry. Learn more about NVIDIA.1c:T1755,NVIDIA is at the forefront of the AI and robotics revolution, and NVIDIA’s robotics teams are on a mission to build the essential technology that can enable any company to become a robotics company. The Seattle Robotics Lab is uniquely positioned at the intersection of open academic research and real-world industry impact, pursuing fundamental and applied robotics research across the full robotics stack, including perception, planning, control, reinforcement learning, imitation learning, simulation, and robotics foundation models. This research aims to transform research paradigms, transfer into NVIDIA’s robotics and simulation products, and create new robotics markets for the world. The Seattle Robotics Lab has published over 500 research papers, including many influential works that have been presented at top robotics, AI, and computer vision conferences. These works include BayesSim, cuRobo, DeXtreme, DiSECT, Factory, GraspNet, IndustReal, ITPS, LAPA, MimicGen, NeRD, RoboLab, RVT, ScheduleStream, and SHAC. (See our publications page for a complete list.) The work has deeply impacted the research community and NVIDIA products, including Isaac Sim, Isaac Lab, Isaac Manipulator, Isaac Lab-Arena, Cosmos, and Newton amongst others. We are looking for PhD-candidate interns to play a pivotal role in our research efforts, providing deep, hands-on technical contributions. Our interns must have exceptional research and engineering skills, a strong research track record, and a team-first mindset. You will have the opportunity to achieve real impact, while working with some of the most creative, brilliant, and motivated researchers in the world. Interns can either be working on their own projects typically aligned with one of our internal efforts, or in some cases directly contribute to one of our efforts. Our former interns have gone on to become full-time researchers and engineers at NVIDIA and other world-leading tech companies, started academic careers at top universities, and launched frontier robotics and AI companies. What you will be doing: Developing algorithms, foundation models, and methods for robotic manipulation and/or loco-manipulation, for industrial, scientific, and household applications; Integrating these methods into real-world robotic manipulation systems, including those consisting of collaborative robot arms, industrial robot arms, mobile manipulators, humanoids, and dexterous hands; Contributing to multi-person research projects that require a diverse set of skills across the robotics and machine learning stack; Engaging with the academic community through high-impact publications, conferences, workshops, and/or code releases; Developing AI agents to accelerate research and engineering while ensuring correctness, reproducibility, and security. What we need to see: Enrolled in a PhD program in Robotics, Machine Learning, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, or a related field; Knowledge of both the theory and practice of robotics and AI, with a strong interest in connecting your work to real-world robotics applications; A demonstrated track record, with first-author work published in top robotics and AI conferences and journals such as RSS, CoRL, ICRA, IJRR, T-RO, Science Robotics, NeurIPS, ICML, ICLR, CVPR, ICCV, ECCV, and EMNLP; Exceptional communication, collaboration, and interpersonal skills, with significant experience working on a team; Exceptional programming skills in Python; in addition, familiarity with C++, CUDA, and Warp is a plus; Fluency in modern deep learning frameworks such as PyTorch or JAX; Experience in AI coding and research agents, including critical validation of their outputs; Experience with robotics frameworks such as ROS2 and physics simulation frameworks such as Isaac Sim, Isaac Lab, Newton, and/or MuJoCo; Comfort in working through the complexities of simulation and real-world robotics, including debugging physics simulators and renderers under rapid development; selecting, setting up, maintaining, and enhancing complex robotics hardware; debugging communication systems; and designing robust workflows for model training and evaluation. The following research areas and applications are of particular interest: Bimanual and dexterous manipulation Mobile manipulation and humanoid loco-manipulation Multimodal robot learning (e.g., vision, tactile, and force/torque sensing) Simulation (classical and neural), sim-to-real, real-to-sim, and world models Learning in the real world (e.g., imitation learning, RL) Robot foundation models (e.g., VLAs, WAMs, world models): pre-training, mid-training and post-training (SFT, RL, etc.) using various data sources (e.g., simulation, teleoperation, egocentric data) Agentic robotics Robot learning theory High-precision manipulation and reliable policy deployment Scientific lab automation The Seattle Robotics Lab is primarily located in the vibrant Fremont neighborhood of Seattle. Our internship hourly rates are a standard pay based on the position, your location, year in school, degree, and experience. The hourly rate for our interns is 38 USD - 94 USD. You will also be eligible for Intern benefits. Applications for this job will be accepted at least until September 25, 2026. This posting is for an existing vacancy. NVIDIA uses AI tools in its recruiting processes. NVIDIA is committed to fostering an inclusive work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing. Today, our AI infrastructure powers global intelligence, transforming every industry. Learn more about NVIDIA.1d:Tc5e,NVIDIA’s Quantum and Chemistry Research team is seeking Molecular AI and Quantum Research Interns to work in our newly-formed Quantum and Chemistry Research team led by Alán Aspuru-Guzik. The Quantum and Chemistry Research team explores novel approaches to integrate world-class NVIDIA multi GPU architectures with state-of-the-art and near-term quantum computers. We also study how to develop new AI models for chemistry as well as agentic systems for computational chemistry. We are interested in robotics for self-driving labs as well. The Quantum and Chemistry Research Scientist will help develop either of: Quantum algorithms at the interface of artificial intelligence and many-body physics models such as quantum chemistry. Generative models for chemistry. Self-driving lab robotics capabilities. Agentic AI systems for computational chemistry. What You'll Be Doing: Advance the state-of-the-art of AI-driven quantum algorithms, generative models for chemistry, self-driving labs, or agentic AI. Present at relevant scientific, technical and industry conferences. What We Need To See: Pursuing a PhD Degree in Chemistry, Physics, Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Engineering, or related engineering field. Background in Quantum Information Science, or AI for chemistry with expertise in one of the following: quantum chemistry, quantum machine learning, or applied quantum algorithms, robotics for self-driving labs, generative models for chemistry, or computational agentic frameworks. Research experience in a graduate setting in any of the topics above. World-class communication skills with a demonstrated ability to articulate a value proposition to technical and non-technical audiences. Ways To Stand Out From The Crowd: Background with GPU computing. Experience in software systems development. Experience in Machine Learning methods. Experience scaling or optimizing large-scale AI models. Hands-on experience in scientific computing, high-performance computing, applied machine learning, or deep learning. NVIDIA's invention of the GPU revolutionized parallel computing. Our GPUs are being used in many of the largest high-performance computing projects around the world, solving real world problems, including advancing the state of Quantum Information Science. NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of high technology's most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-thinking and experienced people in the world working for us. Our goal is to craft an environment where we can do our life's best work. If you're creative, autonomous, and highly motivated, we want to hear from you! Our internship hourly rates are a standard pay based on the position, your location, year in school, degree, and experience. The hourly rate for our interns is 77 CAD - 99 CAD. You will also be eligible for Intern benefits. Applications for this job will be accepted at least until September 25, 2026. This posting is for an existing vacancy. NVIDIA uses AI tools in its recruiting processes. NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing. Today, our AI infrastructure powers global intelligence, transforming every industry. Learn more about NVIDIA.1e:T17b8,Job Details: Job Description: The Role and Impact: As a Process Integration and Yield Engineering PhD Intern at Intel, you will be at the forefront of semiconductor manufacturing innovation. In this role, you will develop and optimize cutting-edge manufacturing processes while improving defect management strategies and driving process yield enhancements in high-volume production environments. Collaborating with cross-functional engineering teams, you will address complex technical challenges, troubleshoot process issues, and implement continuous improvement initiatives. This hands-on internship is an opportunity to grow your expertise, gain invaluable experience, and contribute to Intel's mission of delivering world-class semiconductor products. Business group: Intel Foundry plays a crucial role in advancing Intel's leadership in semiconductor manufacturing. As part of this team, you will contribute to Intel's efforts to deliver innovative technologies that enrich lives worldwide. The group focuses on developing and optimizing manufacturing processes that drive Intel's industry-leading products while supporting continuous improvement in high-volume production environments. Key Responsibilities: - Contribute to the development and optimization of module processes and integration flows for semiconductor manufacturing. - Analyze defect data, conduct experiments, and assist in risk assessments to support yield improvement initiatives. - Collaborate with cross-functional engineering teams to troubleshoot process flow issues and optimize metrology strategies. - Apply data analysis techniques to improve process performance and manufacturing efficiency. - Participate in continuous improvement efforts focused on enhancing production quality and output. - Engage in innovative projects to develop expertise and support Intel's business goals. Qualifications: Minimum Qualifications: - Actively pursuing a PhD in Physics, Electrical Engineering, Material Science, or Chemistry. - Proficiency in microscopy techniques. - Background in circuit design and semiconductor device physics. - Basic scripting knowledge in Python or comparable programming languages. - Understanding of scan methodologies and automatic test pattern generation. - 3.0 GPA Preferred Qualifications: - 2nd or 3rD year PhD Graduate Students with course works including computer science-basic algorithms, and solid state/semiconductor physics, electronics/circuits designs, silicon process technologies, familiar with images analysis software and leading large visual computing models. Explore this exciting opportunity to innovate, refine your technical skills, and contribute to Intel's industry leadership in semiconductor manufacturing. Apply today to join a team that is committed to advancing technology and creating a lasting impact globally. Location & Immigration Information As you consider the opportunity to join Intel, relocation assistance may be available based on eligibility, current location, and the specifics of the role. This position is not eligible for employment-based visa/immigration sponsorship. Intel sponsors individuals for employment-based visas for positions where we experience a shortage of U.S. workers. These skills shortage roles are typically STEM positions requiring a Master's or PhD degree, or a Bachelor's degree with at least three years of post-degree related job experience. This position does not qualify for Intel sponsorship because it is either a non-STEM position, or a STEM position that only requires a Bachelor's degree and less than three years' experience. For information on Intel's immigration sponsorship guidelines, please see: https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/jobs/hiring.html Additional Information This application is for internship starts in late Spring/Summer 2027, with consideration also given to candidates interested in year-long internship or co-op opportunities. You must be available to start work during this time frame. Life at Intel Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, Oregon, Hillsboro Additional Locations: Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $120,898.00-120,902.00 USD The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will require an on-site presence. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process1f:T178f,Overview Come build community, explore your passions and do your best work at Microsoft with thousands of University interns from every corner of the world. This opportunity will allow you to bring your aspirations, talent, potential—and excitement for the journey ahead. As a Hardware Engineering intern, you will be responsible for end‑to‑end hardware quality engineering for large‑scale AI and GPU‑based data center fleets, with a focus on early failure detection, root cause analysis, and operational quality enablement. The position partners closely with data center operations, firmware, platform engineering, diagnostics, and vendor teams to improve hardware reliability, reduce repeat incidents, and accelerate mean‑time‑to‑resolution (MTTR) across production AI infrastructure. One will develop, modify and evaluate components used in electronic devices that involve mechanical systems and equipment, and/or the manipulation and transmission of electricity. This opportunity will define the design approaches, technical specifications and parameters for devices. You will ensure that designs and specifications document test requirements that account for customer use scenarios. You will help select materials and components based on analysis of specifications and reliability and may work with suppliers to select optimal materials and components for devices. You will help develop test plans and test cases. At Microsoft, Interns work on real-world projects in collaboration with teams across the world, while having fun along the way. You’ll be empowered to build community, explore your passions and achieve your goals. This is your chance to bring your solutions and ideas to life while working on cutting-edge technology. Academic credit may be available through the Microsoft Intern Program; university-specific requirements beyond academic credit are not supported. This internship opportunity begins 1 Feb, 2027 and spans a six-month period. Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate to empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond. #EiP #SCHIE Responsibilities Assists in the creation of robust, scalable, secure and extensible designs and/or verification plans for the hardware engineering aspects of well-defined products or features. ​ ​​Conducts automated testing on standard products and participate in testing dashboard creation and identify common feature flaws using data analysis and validate features by helping build prototypes. ​ ​​Follows a project schedule as you deliver the hardware engineering aspects of a feature or product and choose appropriate parts and evaluate the essential details of materials used in production. ​ ​​Documents essential details about materials, components, and/or assemblies for a device via accepted release processes. Accurately records and tracks changes to designs following established processes with some guidance from other engineers. ​ ​​Strategically and creatively innovates ways to communicate and visualize user experiences and analyzes hardware and firmware designs. ​ ​​Leverages debugging skills and drive to develop innovative hardware. ​ Performs single‑node and rack‑level testing to confirm hardware remediation effectiveness before fleet re‑entry. Analyzes large volumes of hardware telemetry, logs, and diagnostics data to identify systemic failure patterns and repeat offenders. Partners with diagnostics and platform teams to enable out‑of‑band telemetry collection (e.g., BMC SEL, PCIe health indicators), integrate diagnostics into existing operational tools and workflows. Qualifications Required qualifications: Currently pursuing a Bachelor’s Degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, or related field OR equivalent experience. Must have at least one additional quarter/semester of school remaining following the completion of the internship. Additional or Preferred qualifications: Currently pursuing a Bachelor's Degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science or related field. Experience with server architectures and/or their subsystems – including GPU, CPU, AI hardware, Memory and methods for root cause analysis and debugging. The base pay range for this internship is USD $5,690.00 - $11,210.00 per month. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $7,410.00 - $12,250.00 per month. Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other compensation. Find additional benefits and pay information here: https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-intern-pay Microsoft accepts applications and processes offers for these roles on an ongoing basis throughout the academic calendar (September - April) This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.20:T1357,Overview Come build community, explore your passions and do your best work at Microsoft with thousands of University interns from every corner of the world. This opportunity will allow you to bring your aspirations, talent, potential—and excitement for the journey ahead. As a Software Engineer intern, you will help plan, design, develop and test software systems or applications for software enhancements and new products which may be used in local, networked, cloud-based, or Internet-related computer programs. This opportunity will allow you to develop software, tools and code to be used in support of design, infrastructure and technology platforms as well as commercial or end-user applications. You will use current programming language and technologies to write code, perform testing and debug any issues with robust documentation, procedures for deployment and processes for maintenance. At Microsoft, Interns work on real-world projects in collaboration with teams across the world, while having fun along the way. You’ll be empowered to build community, explore your passions and achieve your goals. This is your chance to bring your solutions and ideas to life while working on cutting-edge technology. Academic credit may be available through the Microsoft Intern Program; university-specific requirements beyond academic credit are not supported. This internship opportunity begins 1 Feb, 2027 and spans a six-month period. Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate to empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond. #EiP #SCHIE Responsibilities Applies engineering principles to solve complex problems through sound and creative engineering. Works with appropriate stakeholders to determine user requirements for a feature. Quickly learns new engineering methods and incorporates them into work processes. Seeks feedback and applies internal or industry best practices to improve technical solutions. Demonstrates skill in time management and completing software projects in a cooperative team environment. Reviews current developments and proactively seeks new knowledge that will improve the availability, reliability, efficiency, observability, and performance of products while also driving consistency in monitoring and operations at scale. Qualifications Required qualifications: Currently pursuing Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, or related technical discipline with proven experience coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, or Python OR equivalent experience Must have at least one additional quarter/semester of school remaining following the completion of the internship. Additional or Preferred qualifications: Bachelor's Degree (or currently pursuing) in Computer Science or related technical field AND 1+ year(s) technical engineering experience with coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, or Python OR Master's Degree (or currently pursuing) in Computer Science or related technical field with proven experience coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, or Python OR equivalent experience The base pay range for this internship is USD $5,690.00 - $11,210.00 per month. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $7,410.00 - $12,250.00 per month. Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other compensation. Find additional benefits and pay information here: https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-intern-pay Microsoft accepts applications and processes offers for these roles on an ongoing basis throughout the academic calendar (September - April) This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.21:T1456,Overview Come build community, explore your passions and do your best work at Microsoft with thousands of University interns from every corner of the world. This opportunity will allow you to bring your aspirations, talent, potential—and excitement for the journey ahead. As a Silicon Engineering Intern, you will design, develop, modify and evaluate electronic parts, components, or integrated circuitry for digital electronic devices and other digital electronic systems. You will define design architecture and operating parameters for circuitry and microelectronic components, select components and equipment based on analysis of specifications and reliability. You will also analyze designs and components to establish operating parameters and performance requirements to define complete pre-silicon verification test cases, develop test plans and direct support personnel, or other engineers, in the preparation and execution of design verification testing. This opportunity will enable you to analyze data generated from test results to perform pre-silicon verification of operating parameters and performance requirements. At Microsoft, Interns work on real-world projects in collaboration with teams across the world, while having fun along the way. You’ll be empowered to build community, explore your passions and achieve your goals. This is your chance to bring your solutions and ideas to life while working on cutting-edge technology. Academic credit may be available through the Microsoft Intern Program; university-specific requirements beyond academic credit are not supported. This internship opportunity begins 1 Feb, 2027 and spans a six-month period. Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate to empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond. #EiP #SCHIE Responsibilities Contributes to and improves the hardware solutions we develop. Uses performance instrumentation and presents results to team and architects. Think strategically, creatively, and innovate ways to communicate and visualize user experiences. Implements or recommends technical solutions to common quality and design challenges, with guidance from others (including logic design, verification, circuit design, physical design, and design for test). Uses standard practices to write complete design verification test cases, test benches, or automation. Assists in writing tests for formal pre-silicon verification of subsystems within a single block; includes the use of simulation and emulation tools, as well as tests for signal integrity, to prevent bugs/failures before production. Qualifications Required qualifications: Currently pursuing a Bachelor's Degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or related field. Must have at least one additional quarter/semester of school remaining following the completion of the internship. Additional or Preferred qualifications: Currently pursuing a Master’s Degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or related field. Experience or classes in the following areas: Digital Logic Design and Simulation Object Oriented Programming and Data Structures Embedded Systems and Firmware Knowledge of verification principles, testbenches, UVM Knowledge of C/C++ and scripting languages Experience with digital timing analysis, synthesis, place-n-route Circuit design, including VLSI design and solid-state devices The base pay range for this internship is USD $5,690.00 - $11,210.00 per month. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $7,410.00 - $12,250.00 per month. Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other compensation. Find additional benefits and pay information here: https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-intern-pay Microsoft accepts applications and processes offers for these roles on an ongoing basis throughout the academic calendar (September - April) This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.22:T126e,Overview Come build community, explore your passions and do your best work at Microsoft with thousands of University interns from every corner of the world. This opportunity will allow you to bring your aspirations, talent, potential—and excitement for the journey ahead. As an Electrical Engineer intern, you will design, develop, modify and evaluate components used in electronic devices that involve the manipulation, transmission, and storage of electricity. This opportunity will allow you to define design approaches, implementation schedules, technical specifications and parameters for devices. You will partake in selecting materials and components based on analysis of specifications and reliability. You will help develop test plans and direct support personnel, or other engineers, in the preparation and execution of design testing or prototype fabrication. At Microsoft, Interns work on real-world projects in collaboration with teams across the world, while having fun along the way. You’ll be empowered to build community, explore your passions and achieve your goals. This is your chance to bring your solutions and ideas to life while working on cutting-edge technology. Academic credit may be available through the Microsoft Intern Program; university-specific requirements beyond academic credit are not supported. This internship opportunity begins 1 Feb, 2027 and spans a six-month period. Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate to empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond. #EiP #SCHIE Responsibilities Develops design documentation for well-defined features and review supplier or partner technical sheets. Analyzes data analyses to identify common flaws in feature or product designs. Ensures that documentation includes test requirements, determine appropriate test equipment, and carries out test plans on standard features or products. Collects data for external testing, as well as helps develop test fixtures for new feature testing and validation. Follows implementation schedules for a feature or product while highlighting potential downstream issues. Helps implement risk assessments and communicate progress within the team. Helps create detailed reports for a product feature or extension. This will include documenting essential details and accurate recording and tracking design changes with guidance. Qualifications Required qualifications: Currently pursuing Bachelor's Degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, or related field OR equivalent experience. Must have at least one additional quarter/semester of school remaining following the completion of the internship. Additional or Preferred qualifications: Bachelor's degree (or currently pursuing) in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, or related field AND 1+ year(s) of technical engineering experience OR Master's degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, or related field The base pay range for this internship is USD $5,690.00 - $11,210.00 per month. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $7,410.00 - $12,250.00 per month. Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other compensation. Find additional benefits and pay information here: https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-intern-pay Microsoft accepts applications and processes offers for these roles on an ongoing basis throughout the academic calendar (September - April) This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.23:Tc5b,We are now looking for a PhD Research Interns for our Circuits team. Advanced circuit design is critically important in the post-Moore’s Law age. Without the ability to scale process to increase performance and reduce power, we must rely more and more on creative architectural and underlying circuit solutions to provide continuing advancement from generation to generation. NVIDIA Research is seeking world-class circuit researchers to contribute to the exploration of future high-performance, low-power circuit technologies and development of prototype circuits. If you have a strong circuits background, desire to collaborate with elite researchers on critical problems, and a vision about how to advance the state-of-the-art, the team will be a great fit for you. NVIDIA has an ambitious circuit research agenda that involves taking circuit technology to the next level. This position offers an opportunity to have a real impact in a fast-moving technology-focused company. What you’ll be doing: Explore circuit approaches to optimizing processor computation and interconnect performance and power. Design and implement circuit approaches in prototype systems. Collaborate with other researchers and a diverse set of internal product teams across research and product roles. Transfer technology to product groups. What we need to see: Pursuing a PhD in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science/Engineering, or related field. Excellent knowledge and broad background of theory and practice of circuit design. Depth in one or more areas of high-performance circuit design (PLLs and clocking, SerDes and high-speed signaling, photonics, SRAMs, power delivery/regulation, security circuits, and high-speed logic), advanced packaging technologies, or thermal analysis/design. Track record of research excellence or significant product development. Excellent communication and collaboration skills. NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-thinking and hardworking people in the world working for us. If you're creative, autonomous and love a challenge, we want to hear from you! Our internship hourly rates are a standard pay based on the position, your location, year in school, degree, and experience. The hourly rate for our interns is 38 USD - 94 USD. You will also be eligible for Intern benefits. Applications for this job will be accepted at least until September 21, 2026. This posting is for an existing vacancy. NVIDIA uses AI tools in its recruiting processes. NVIDIA is committed to fostering an inclusive work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing. Today, our AI infrastructure powers global intelligence, transforming every industry. Learn more about NVIDIA.24:Tfbd,NVIDIA’s development of the GPU in 1999 revolutionized the PC gaming industry, reshaped contemporary computer graphics, and transformed parallel computing. In recent years, GPU deep learning has propelled modern AI, ushering in a new era of computing where GPU systems serve as the core intelligence for computers, robots, and autonomous vehicles, enabling them to perceive and interpret the world around them. NVIDIA Research is at the forefront of developing cutting edge hardware, software, and algorithmic technologies for next generation GPU systems. We are eager to expand our teams with the most brilliant minds globally. What you'll be doing: Conduct cutting edge research on algorithms, hardware, and system software extending the state of the art in deep learning, humanoid robotics, database analystics, general computing, and other technology areas surrounding NVIDIA's business. Invent new techniques, technologies, methodologies, processes, and devices that can enable new products or types of products. Deliverable results include prototypes, patents, leading to products and publications. Develop new methods and processes for research and scientific evaluation of research techniques and artifacts including agentic driven techniques, simulation, modeling, and benchmarking. Produce technology vision and the basis for products 5-10 years out. Focus should not be on products currently shipping or in development, except as to how they can be extended and improved. What we need to see: Pursuing PhD Degree in relevant discipline(s) (CS, CE, EE, Physics, Math) At least one year of university or industrial research experience in computer architecture or computer systems, including operating systems, distributed systems, compilers, or AI/ML systems. Strong programming ability: C, C++ and Python preferred. Eagerness to learn and use AI tools for software development and system design. Experience designing and evaluating research ideas through prototyping, simulation, modeling, or experimentation. Strong programming skills and the ability to communicate research ideas, methods, and results clearly. Ways to stand out from the crowd: Chip/system level arch: agentic techniques for computer architecture; specialized accelerators for deep-learning and humanoid robotics Systems for AI/ML: systems infrastructure for LLM training, inference, and agents/tools; state management in agentic systems; systems for humanoid robotics AI/systems co-design Experience contributing to research targeting leading architecture and systems conferences, such as ISCA, ASPLOS, MICRO, HPCA, SOSP, MLSys, NSDI, or OSDI. Publications are a plus but are not required. We welcome candidates with research in progress, including manuscripts in preparation or submissions under review. NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-looking and hardworking people in the world working for us. If you're creative and autonomous, we want to hear from you! Our internship hourly rates are a standard pay based on the position, your location, year in school, degree, and experience. The hourly rate for our interns is 38 USD - 94 USD. You will also be eligible for Intern benefits. Applications for this job will be accepted at least until September 21, 2026. This posting is for an existing vacancy. NVIDIA uses AI tools in its recruiting processes. NVIDIA is committed to fostering an inclusive work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing. Today, our AI infrastructure powers global intelligence, transforming every industry. Learn more about NVIDIA.25:Tf82,NVIDIA is searching for an outstanding research intern to build humanoid robot foundation models and systems in the Generalist Embodied Agent Research (GEAR) group. Everything that moves will eventually be autonomous. Our mission is to build general-purpose embodied agents that learn to explore and master complex skills across the virtual and the physical world. You will work with an amazing and collaborative research team that consistently produces influential works on multimodal foundation models, large-scale robot learning, game AI, and physical simulation. Our past projects include Eureka, VIMA, Voyager, MineDojo, MimicPlay, Prismer, and more. One of our team’s most recent milestones includes Project GR00T, a foundation model for humanoid robots. Your contributions will have a significant impact on our moonshot research projects and product roadmaps. What you will be doing: Design and implement novel AI algorithms and models for general-purpose humanoid robots and embodied agents; Develop large-scale AI training and inference methods for foundation models; Optimize and deploy AI models in physical simulation and on robot hardware; Collaborate with research and engineering teams across all of NVIDIA to transfer research to products and services. What we need to see: Pursuing a PhD degree in Computer Science/Engineering, Electrical Engineering, etc. Outstanding engineering skills in rapid prototyping and model training frameworks (PyTorch, Jax, Tensorflow, etc.). Python is required; C++ and CUDA proficiencies are a plus. Excellent skills in working with large-scale machine learning/AI systems and computer infrastructure. Experience with at least one of the following areas: multimodal foundation model or robotics. Multimodal Foundation Model: Hands-on training experience and publications in at least one of the following models: LLMs, vision-language models, video generative models, diffusion models, and action-based transformers. Robotics: Hands-on training experience and publications in robot learning, such as reinforcement learning, imitation learning, classical control methods, etc. Deep understanding of robot kinematics, dynamics, and sensors; Ability to safely operate robot hardware, lab equipment, and tools; Knowledge of control methods, such as PID, MPC, whole body control, etc; Familiarity with physics simulation frameworks such as Mujoco and Isaac suite. GEAR Publication: DreamDojo: A Generalist Robot World Model from Large-Scale Human Videos EgoScale: Scaling Dexterous Manipulation with Diverse Egocentric Human Data DreamZero: World Action Models are Zero-shot Policies SONIC: Supersizing motion tracking for natural humanoid whole-body control NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world's most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-thinking and productive people in the world. Please join us and be part of the forefront of developing general-purpose robots and embodied agents! Our internship hourly rates are a standard pay based on the position, your location, year in school, degree, and experience. The hourly rate for our interns is 38 USD - 94 USD. You will also be eligible for Intern benefits. Applications for this job will be accepted at least until September 21, 2026. This posting is for an existing vacancy. NVIDIA uses AI tools in its recruiting processes. NVIDIA is committed to fostering an inclusive work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing. Today, our AI infrastructure powers global intelligence, transforming every industry. Learn more about NVIDIA.26:T139d,The NVIDIA Architecture Research Group is seeking an intern to help define the future of GPU and data-center computing. Our research spans GPU microarchitecture, memory systems and memory models, large-scale data-center hardware, emerging accelerators, and the architecture implications of new workloads in AI, scientific computing, robotics, and other rapidly evolving domains. Are you excited about exploring foundational research questions, developing new architectural ideas, and helping translate those ideas into future NVIDIA systems? In this position, you will apply your knowledge of computer architecture, parallel computing, compilers, runtime systems, and workloads to explore new hardware and hardware–software co-design opportunities. You will work with researchers and product architects to formulate research questions, develop and evaluate architecture concepts, and build the models, simulators, prototypes, and experimental infrastructure needed to test them. Projects may range from mechanisms within a GPU to memory consistency and programmability, rack- and data-center-scale architectures, and specialized hardware for emerging applications. You should have a strong foundation in computer architecture and parallel systems, an ability to work across hardware and software boundaries, and experience with some combination of architecture modeling, simulation, workload analysis, compilers, runtime systems, or CPU/GPU programming. You should also be comfortable building robust research prototypes and communicating the insights produced by your work. NVIDIA pioneered programmable GPUs and CUDA and continues to shape the future of accelerated computing. This position offers an opportunity to conduct ambitious research and have a direct impact on future products. What you’ll be doing: Investigate new architecture concepts for future GPUs, memory systems, accelerators, and data-center-scale computing platforms. Study emerging workloads and identify the architectural bottlenecks and opportunities they create. Explore hardware–software co-design across architecture, compilers, runtime systems, programming models, and applications. Develop models, simulators, prototypes, and experimental tools to evaluate new architecture ideas. Research new approaches to memory hierarchy, coherence, consistency, data movement, and system-level programmability. Collaborate with NVIDIA researchers, GPU architects, software teams, and product groups to develop and evaluate promising concepts. Clearly communicate research findings through presentations, technical reports, and potentially research publications. Help transfer successful research ideas, methodologies, and tools into NVIDIA product teams. What we need to see: Pursuing PhD Degree in relevant discipline(s) (CS, CE, EE, Physics, Math). Relevant industrial and University experience. Relevant industries include hardware, software, and algorithm development in PC or workstation graphics, digital video or image processing, video game or console, cell phones or consumer electronics, rendering software, and computing. Strong programming ability in C/C++, and scripting languages. Experience as a CUDA programmer. Background with building computer system simulators. Experience building efficient low-level software tools such as runtime systems, binary translators, or compilers. Strong background in computer architecture and parallel computer architectures. Ways to stand out from the crowd: Prior research experience and/or research publications at ISCA/MICRO/ASPLOS/HPCA/MLSYS Versatile in using generative AI coding tools Versatile in using GPU profiling tools and running DL models on GPUs NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-thinking and hardworking people in the world working for us. Are you creative and independently driven? Do you love a challenge? Come join our Architecture Research Group and help us invent the future of Computing. Our internship hourly rates are a standard pay based on the position, your location, year in school, degree, and experience. The hourly rate for our interns is 38 USD - 94 USD. You will also be eligible for Intern benefits. Applications for this job will be accepted at least until September 21, 2026. This posting is for an existing vacancy. NVIDIA uses AI tools in its recruiting processes. NVIDIA is committed to fostering an inclusive work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing. Today, our AI infrastructure powers global intelligence, transforming every industry. Learn more about NVIDIA.27:T1662,Overview Bring your passion for innovation and research to a team at the forefront of artificial intelligence and machine learning. If you’re eager to make significant contributions across user engagement, intelligent experiences, and real product scenarios, this opportunity within Microsoft AI Content, Commerce, & Monetization (CCM), Search Fundamentals, Search Experiences, or Search Places will excite you. As an Applied Scientist PhD Intern, you will apply your expertise in areas such as supervised and unsupervised learning, deep learning (especially transformers and sequence modeling), reinforcement learning for optimizing user outcomes, and advanced data science techniques. You’ll translate complex business challenges—spanning search, personalization, natural language processing, computer vision, and recommendation systems—into practical, impactful solutions using Azure and other cloud-based technologies. Your experience with statistical analysis, hypothesis testing, large datasets, and deploying robust data pipelines will be valued as you drive research into production. This role allows you to shape the future of Copilot and intelligent content, influencing Microsoft's direction as you directly support our overarching mission and vision. At Microsoft, our mission to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more guides how we partner with customers to deliver trusted, impactful solutions. With a growth‑mindset culture, we innovate responsibly and measure success by shared progress, people, teams, and customers. Join us to do meaningful work that changes the world and helps shape what’s next for everyone. Responsibilities Analyze and improve advanced machine learning algorithms and systems at scale, optimizing performance across large, complex datasets. Translate product scenarios and user needs into applied ML problems; design and execute experiments to validate, iterate, and optimize solutions. Develop and scale models for search, ranking, recommendations, retrieval, and language understanding using modern AI techniques (e.g., deep learning, reinforcement learning, probabilistic methods). Prepare, clean, and curate high-quality datasets—identifying data quality issues, defining inclusion criteria, and enabling robust feature development. Build and enhance data and ML pipelines (data collection, preparation, modeling), applying statistical methods to validate assumptions and evaluate model performance. Collaborate cross-functionally with scientists, engineers, and product stakeholders to iterate on ideas and deliver real-world, product-integrated solutions. Communicate technical insights and experimental results clearly, while continuously incorporating emerging research, tools, and industry trends to improve solution quality and efficiency. Qualifications Required Qualifications Currently pursuing a Doctorate Degree in Statistics, Econometrics, Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, Electrical or Computer Engineering, or related field. Must have at least one additional quarter/semester of school remaining following the completion of the internship. Candidate must be enrolled in a full time PhD program in area relevant for the role during the academic term immediately before their internship. Preferred Qualifications Bachelor's Degree in Statistics, Econometrics, Computer Science, Electrical or Computer Engineering, or related field AND 2+ years related experience (e.g., statistics, predictive analytics, research) Master's Degree in Statistics, Econometrics, Computer Science, Electrical or Computer Engineering, or related field Equivalent experience. Explore product challenges using state of the art solutions. Research publications, coursework, or project experience relevant to search, language models, recommender systems, geospatial or location intelligence, or content and commerce systems. Experience running controlled experiments and interpreting offline and online evaluation metrics. Familiarity with large-scale distributed systems or productionizing applied science solutions. Passion for building AI experiences that improve relevance, discovery, personalization, and end-user satisfaction. The base pay range for this internship is USD $6,810.00 - $13,480.00 per month. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $8,920.00 - $14,610.00 per month. Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other compensation. Find additional benefits and pay information here: https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-intern-pay Microsoft accepts applications and processes offers for these roles on an ongoing basis throughout the academic calendar (September - April) This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.28:T15e8,Overview Come build community, explore your passions and do your best work at Microsoft with thousands of university interns from every corner of the world. This opportunity will allow you to bring your aspirations, talent, potential – and excitement for the journey ahead. Data Scientist PhD Interns at Microsoft, you will use machine learning, statistics, experiments, and/or AI, LLM, SLM and agents and more to build and improve great products while making business impact. As a Data Scientist intern you will collaborate with stakeholders, formulate approaches to solve problems and use algorithms and data sources in the context of business and engineering needs. You will also be able to combine your engineering abilities with analytical skills to make customer experiences better. Our Data Scientists use innovative methods, algorithms, and tools daily to drive results throughout Microsoft devices, operating systems, products, and services and provide novel insights into business and customer scenarios. As an intern at Microsoft, you’re stepping into a world of real impact from day one. You’ll collaborate with global teams on meaningful projects, explore cutting-edge technologies like AI, and kick start your career while doing it. With a strong focus on learning and development, this is your opportunity to grow your skills, build community, and shape your future—all while being supported every step of the way. Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate and empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond. Please note this application is only for internships based in our Redmond, Washington office. For internships in other offices in the United States, please see our Careers site . Responsibilities Formulate approaches to solve problems using well defined algorithms and data sources. Incorporate an understanding of product functionality and customer perspective to provide context for those problems. Use data exploration techniques to discover new questions or opportunities within your problem area and propose applicability and limitations of the data. Interpret the results of their analysis, validate their approach, and learn to monitor, analyze, and iterate to continuously improve. Engage with peer stakeholders to produce clear, compelling, actionable insights that influence product and service improvements that will impact millions of customers. Participate in the peer review process and act on feedback while learning innovative methods, algorithms, and tools to increase the impact and applicability of your results. Qualifications Required Qualifications: Currently pursuing a Doctorate Degree in Data Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Econometrics, Economics, Operations Research, Computer Science, or related field. Must have at least one additional quarter/semester of school remaining following the completion of the internship. Candidate must be enrolled in a full time bachelor's, masters, MBA, or PhD program in area relevant for the role during the academic term immediately before their internship. Preferred Qualifications: Some Engineering experience and or project course work using large data systems on SQL, Hadoop, etc. Proficiency using one or more programming or scripting language to work with data such as: Python, Perl, or C#. Some experience and or project course work performing data analysis and applying statistics working with tools such as: Excel, R, MATLAB, AMPL, or SAS. Some experience and or project course work with product and service telemetry systems. Some A/B Testing or experimentation (this can be from conducting real life science experiments, hypothesis testing in stats etc.) Not required but ideal. Some experience or course work applying basic ML to a type of data and or used algorithms to conduct experiments on data. The base pay range for this internship is USD $6,810.00 - $13,480.00 per month. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $8,920.00 - $14,610.00 per month. Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other compensation. Find additional benefits and pay information here: https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-intern-pay Microsoft accepts applications and processes offers for these roles on an ongoing basis throughout the academic calendar (September - April) This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.29:T1515,Overview Come build community, explore your passions and do your best work at Microsoft with thousands of university interns from every corner of the world. This opportunity will allow you to bring your aspirations, talent, potential – and excitement for the journey ahead. As an Applied Science PhD Intern at Microsoft, you will be at the forefront of technological innovation, working collaboratively to bring research to life in our products and services. You'll gain expertise in cutting-edge research areas, apply advanced concepts to real-world needs, and use state-of-the-art tools to make a tangible impact on product quality and business outcomes. You'll contribute to the creation of intelligent solutions through data analysis, modeling, machine learning, and/or AI, LLM, SLM and agent, ensuring our products remain at the leading edge of innovation. As an intern at Microsoft, you’re stepping into a world of real impact from day one. You’ll collaborate with global teams on meaningful projects, explore cutting-edge technologies like AI, and kick start your career while doing it. With a strong focus on learning and development, this is your opportunity to grow your skills, build community, and shape your future—all while being supported every step of the way. Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate and empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond. Responsibilities Analyze and improve performance of advanced algorithms on large-scale datasets and cutting-edge research in machine intelligence and machine learning applications. Think through the product scenarios and goals, identify key challenges, then fit the scenario asks into Machine Learning (ML) tasks, design experimental process for iteration and optimization. Implement prototypes of scalable systems in AI applications. Gain an understanding of a broad area of research and applicable research techniques, as well as a basic knowledge of industry trends and share your knowledge with immediate team members. Prepare data to be used for analysis by reviewing criteria that reflect quality and technical constraints. Reviews data and suggests data to be included and excluded and be able to describe actions taken to address data quality problems. Assist with the development of usable datasets for modeling purposes and support the scaling of feature ideation and data preparation. Help take cleaned data and adapt for machine learning purposes, under the direction of a senior team member Qualifications Required Qualifications: Currently pursuing a Doctorate Degree in Statistics, Econometrics, Computer Science, Electrical or Computer Engineering, or related field. Must have at least one additional quarter/semester of school remaining following the completion of the internship. Candidate must be enrolled in a full time bachelor's, masters, MBA, or PhD program in area relevant for the role during the academic term immediately before their internship. Preferred Qualifications: Explore product challenges using state of the art solutions. Research publications, coursework, or project experience relevant to search, language models, recommender systems, geospatial or location intelligence, or content and commerce systems. Experience running controlled experiments and interpreting offline and online evaluation metrics. Familiarity with large-scale distributed systems or productionizing applied science solutions. Passion for building AI experiences and an understanding of how AI tools and technologies can be applied to improve relevance, discovery, personalization, and end-user satisfaction. The base pay range for this internship is USD $6,810.00 - $13,480.00 per month. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $8,920.00 - $14,610.00 per month. Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other compensation. Find additional benefits and pay information here: https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-intern-pay Microsoft accepts applications and processes offers for these roles on an ongoing basis throughout the academic calendar (September - April) This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.2a:Tec6,NVIDIA has been transforming computer graphics, PC gaming, and accelerated computing for more than 25 years. It’s a unique legacy of innovation that’s fueled by great technology—and amazing people. Today, we’re tapping into the unlimited potential of AI to define the next era of computing. An era in which our GPU acts as the brains of computers, robots, and self-driving cars that can understand the world. Doing what’s never been done before takes vision, innovation, and the world’s best talent. As an NVIDIAN, you’ll be immersed in a diverse, supportive environment where everyone is inspired to do their best work. Come join the team and see how you can make a lasting impact on the world. NVIDIA is searching for a world-class generative AI intern to join the Fundamental Generative AI research team at NVIDIA Research. We are passionate about research that pushes boundaries and builds the next generation of generative models but also has an impact in the real world. We are particularly interested in advancing fundamental generative AI methods for image, video, 3D, graph, and multimodal data. We are also actively pushing toward emerging gen AI for science applications such as structural biology, chemistry, drug discovery, climate modeling, and weather forecasting. You will work within an amazing and collaborative research team that consistently publishes at the top venues in machine learning. You will be empowered to make contributions that create real-world impact. What you'll be doing: Research, design, and implement novel, large-scale generative AI methods. Publish original research. Collaborate with other team members, research teams, as well as product teams. Transfer technology to product groups. What we need to see: Pursuing a Ph.D. program in Computer Science/Engineering, Statistics, Electrical Engineering, etc. Strong publication record at top ML venues such as NeurIPS, CVPR, ICLR, ICML, ICCV, ECCV, etc. Excellent knowledge of the theory and practice of generative AI. Strong knowledge of computer vision, 3D, NLP, or AI for science. Excellent programming skills in some rapid prototyping environments such as Python; C++ and parallel programming (e.g., CUDA) is a plus. Knowledge of common deep learning frameworks, such as PyTorch. Excellent communication skills. With competitive salaries and a generous benefits package, NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-thinking and hardworking people in the world working for us and, due to unprecedented growth, our best-in-class engineering teams are rapidly growing. If you're a creative and autonomous engineer with a real passion for computer architecture and technology, we want to hear from you! Our internship hourly rates are a standard pay based on the position, your location, year in school, degree, and experience. The hourly rate for our interns is 38 USD - 94 USD. You will also be eligible for Intern benefits. Applications for this job will be accepted at least until September 20, 2026. This posting is for an existing vacancy. NVIDIA uses AI tools in its recruiting processes. NVIDIA is committed to fostering an inclusive work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing. Today, our AI infrastructure powers global intelligence, transforming every industry. Learn more about NVIDIA.2b:Tfe4,Job Details: Job Description: This internship is intended for Industrial Engineering graduate students with a focus on Operations Research, simulation, analytics, and optimization. Interns will apply mathematical modeling, discrete event simulation, statistics, and software development skills to analyze and improve semiconductor manufacturing operations. Projects may include developing and enhancing factory simulation models, building data pipelines and analytics solutions, conducting experiments, and supporting capacity, production, and operational decision making. Successful candidates will demonstrate strong quantitative problem-solving skills, programming experience in Python and SQL, and an interest in modeling complex manufacturing systems. Qualifications: Minimum Qualifications: Candidate should be in pursuit of a Master's degree in Industrial engineering or Operations Research Strong background in software development. Expected graduation date of Dec '27 or Summer '28 preferred. Preferred Qualifications: Skilled in Discrete-Event Predictive Modeling and Digital Twin Manufacturing Simulations Experienced in Oracle PL/SQL, Python, R, and Applied Statistics Strong Analytics and ML experience - Regression, Clustering, Neural networks (feedforward, CNN, RNN, LSTM), Classification, Transformer models and attention mechanisms LangChain framework for building LLM applications and agent workflows Model fine-tuning techniques (LoRA, QLoRA, full fine-tuning, PEFT) Experienced in Data analysis, data visualization, Statistical analysis, Time Series analysis Production Planning and Manufacturing Automation experience is a plus Optimization CPLEX, Linear and Mixed integer programming is a plus 3.0 GPA Requirements listed would be obtained through a combination of industry relevant job experience, internship experiences and or schoolwork/classes/research. Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, Arizona, Phoenix Additional Locations: Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $133,498.00-133,502.00 USD The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will be eligible for our hybrid work model which allows employees to split their time between working on-site at their assigned Intel site and off-site. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process2c:T869,At Apple, we work every single day to craft products that enrich people's lives. The people here at Apple don't just build products - they create the kind of wonder that revolutionizes entire industries. We invite you to join our dynamic group, for the unique and rewarding opportunity to contribute to upcoming products that will delight and inspire millions of Apple's customers every day! Apple’s PMU Hardware Tech team are responsible for delivering the power in a highly configurable and controlled way to the high end Apple SoCs, which power everything from Apple Watch and Apple TV to iPhone, iPad and Mac. We’re looking for dedicated students to help innovate the way we verify power management devices, to provide industry leading power and battery efficiency and achieve customer expectations of device performance. Do you love working on challenges that no one has solved yet? Then we welcome you to work among the industry’s best! As part of the Design Verification Team, you will assist with delivering high quality chips in order to meet performance, feature, timing, area, power and efficiency goals. We will provide you with the mentorship and the opportunity to collaborate with experienced Design Verification Engineers, as well as work alongside our Design, SoC Platform Architecture, and Physical Design teams. You will get the opportunity to be part of a team delivering PMU silicon directly into next generation Apple products and work with the state of the art verification techniques. Your tasks will include: - Develop your expertise in ASIC verification by working with a best-in-class Design Verification team to create verification plans, develop stimulus, define verification strategy and completeness metrics - Implement various components of the verification environment and participate in debugging test-bench code as well as deep design debug - Where applicable, run simulations with synthesized netlist and analyse/debug any issues encountered - Collaborate with the architecture and design teams to ensure any potential issues/critical cases are considered and dealt with as early as possible in the design cycle2d:T152f,Job Details: Job Description: The Role and Impact In this role, you will contribute to the development and optimization of manufacturing processes for a specific module within semiconductor production. You will work hands-on to sustain and improve manufacturing equipment, troubleshoot issues, and support qualification activities, all while collaborating with engineering teams to achieve production goals. This internship offers a unique opportunity to apply your academic knowledge, gain practical skills, and explore potential career paths in a dynamic and innovative environment. Business group As part of Intel Foundry Services, you will join a team that focuses on diffusion and implantation processes within semiconductor manufacturing. This group is dedicated to advancing technology and achieving excellence in production methodologies. By working collaboratively, the team supports Intel's broader mission of driving innovation and delivering high-quality solutions to meet global technological demands. Key Responsibilities Support the development and implementation of semiconductor manufacturing processes for a specific module. Sustain and improve manufacturing equipment performance, ensuring operational efficiency and reliability. Assist in equipment troubleshooting and qualification activities to meet production standards. Collaborate with engineering teams to optimize process control methodologies and ensure production targets are achieved. Apply statistical analysis and design experiments to enhance process reliability and throughput. Gain hands-on experience in materials and device characterization techniques, such as SEM and TEM. Contribute to the continuous improvement of process control systems and methodologies. Qualifications: Minimum Qualifications Ph.D. degree in progress in Materials Science, Chemical Engineering, Chemistry, Physics, Electrical Engineering, or a related STEM field of study. Hands-on experience and or knowledge of semiconductor processing fundamentals, including lithography, etching, polishing, and deposition techniques. Familiarity with statistical data analysis and design of experiments methodologies. Experience in materials and physical device characterization, such as SEM or TEM. Preferred Qualifications Advanced transistor device structures and architectures including fabrication (Atomic Layer Deposition, Chemical Vapor Deposition, Rapid Thermal Annealing, Ion Implantation, Surface treatments and modification) with in-depth knowledge of semiconductor device physics and process integration. Technical skills such as scripting languages (i.e., Python, JSL, Perl, TCL), or programming languages (i.e., SQL, C/C++, etc.) and statistical data analysis is a plus. Semiconductor processing fundamentals (lithography, wet etch, dry etch, chemical and or mechanical polishing, etc.). Design of experiments and data analysis expertise. Expertise in Materials and physical device characterization (SEM, TEM, etc.) and fundamentals of semiconductor device testing. Process control systems, methodologies, sources of variability, and statistics. This internship provides a unique platform for growth, innovation, and collaboration. If you're passionate about advancing semiconductor technology while building hands-on expertise in a supportive environment, we encourage you to apply today. Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, Oregon, Hillsboro Additional Locations: Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $120,898.00-120,902.00 USD The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will require an on-site presence. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process2e:T1385,Job Details: Job Description: Intel is seeking a motivated Module Engineering Intern to join our dynamic semiconductor manufacturing team. In this role, you will support the development and implementation of manufacturing processes for specialized modules, contributing directly to Intel's production of world-class semiconductor products. Through hands-on experience with cutting-edge equipment and process optimization, you will collaborate with engineering teams to address challenges, explore innovative solutions, and play a key role in shaping the future of technology. Business group As part of Intel Foundry, you will join a team dedicated to advancing semiconductor technology and manufacturing excellence. Our group focuses on optimizing processes and equipment for high-quality production, supporting Intel's broader goals of delivering innovative solutions for global technology challenges. Key Responsibilities - Assist in the development and optimization of manufacturing processes for specific modules used in semiconductor production. - Support equipment troubleshooting, maintenance, and qualification activities to ensure operational excellence. - Collaborate with engineering teams to sustain and improve manufacturing processes and equipment. - Apply process characterization methodologies and Design of Experiments (DOE) principles to enhance quality and production efficiency. - Conduct structured data analysis and experiments to identify areas for process improvement. - Participate in hands-on engineering projects and activities in a cleanroom environment. Qualifications: You must possess the below minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position. Preferred qualifications are in addition to the minimum qualifications and are considered a plus factor in identifying top candidates. Experience listed below would be obtained through a combination of your schoolwork, classes, research, relevant previous job, and/or internship experiences. Minimum Qualifications - Perusing a PhD in Mechanical Engineering, Chemical Engineering, Materials Science, Chemistry, Polymer Engineering, or a related field . 3+ months of experience listed above should be in one or more of the following: - Experience with semiconductor manufacturing equipment and process development methodologies. - Experience in data analysis tools such as MATLAB, Python, or JMP. Preferred Qualifications - GPA 3.0 - Hands-on experience with process optimization, troubleshooting engineering tools, and cleanroom environments. - Familiarity with DOE principles, structured problem-solving techniques, and statistical data analysis. - Experience in failure analysis, yield analysis, and process improvement strategies. We invite you to bring your enthusiasm, technical expertise, and fresh perspective to Intel and embark on an exciting internship opportunity. Join us in shaping the future of technology-apply today. Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, Arizona, Phoenix Additional Locations: Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $120,898.00-120,902.00 USD The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will require an on-site presence. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process2f:T1717,Job Details: Job Description: Are you a top-tier university student eager to dive into the world of semiconductor innovation? Intel's Foundry System Technology team is seeking a talented intern to help us push the boundaries of semiconductor and packaging manufacturing technologies. Our team is dedicated to advancing Moore's Law, exploring new product opportunities, and leading industry-defining packaging development through System Technology Co-optimisation (STCO). Position Overview: As a Research Engineer Intern, you will play a crucial role in developing STCO methodology and evaluating 3D/2.5D dis-aggregation schemes using solder microbumps or hybrid bonding for memory and logic stacking across different product architectures. This internship offers a unique opportunity to work on pioneering technologies and contribute to Intel's semiconductor processing and packaging roadmap. What You'll Do: Develop and enhance STCO methodologies. Perform system-level evaluations of novel devices, interconnects, patterning, materials, systems, and integration schemes. Collaborate with diverse teams to drive innovation across various applications. Who We're Looking For: Driven and Motivated; a self-starter who thrives in a dynamic environment and is committed to delivering high-quality results. Analytical and Problem-Solving Skills: Ability to tackle complex challenges with a strategic approach. Organized and Efficient: Strong prioritization and time management skills to handle a fast-paced workflow. Collaborative and Team-Oriented: Excellent stakeholder management and teamwork ethics. Flexible and Adaptable: Comfortable working in an agile environment with a tolerance for ambiguity. Strong Communicator: Good interpersonal skills to facilitate effective collaboration and communication Internship Details: Minimum of 3 months during summer 2026, with potential for extension based on business needs. Why Choose Intel? Collaborate with industry leaders and innovators. Gain hands-on experience with cutting-edge technologies. Contribute to projects that shape the future of semiconductor processing. If you're ready to embark on a journey of innovation and discovery, apply now to join Intel's Foundry System Technology team. We look forward to welcoming you to a transformative internship experience Qualifications: You must possess the below requirements to be initially considered for this position. Preferred qualifications are in addition to the requirements and are considered a plus factor in identifying top candidates. Knowledge and/or experience listed below would be obtained through a combination of your schoolwork and/or classes and/or research and/or relevant previous job and/or internship experiences. Minimum Qualifications: Active Ph.D. candidacy in one of the following areas of study: Electrical Engineering, Electronics Engineering, Computer Architecture and Design or similar. 1-2+ years research experience relevant to one or more of the following areas: System architecture modelling, digital circuit analysis and design, VLSI physical layout, electronic design automation, multi-physics modeling of electronic materials or systems. Familiarity with IC design and physical layout tools such Cadence Virtuoso or Synopsis Fusion Compiler. Preferred Qualifications: System architecture design and modelling IC design, simulation, physical layout and tapeout experience. Familiar with DRAM and SRAM circuit design and layout Familiar with integrated circuits manufacturing flow and requirements Familiar with different 2.5D and 3D packaging technologies 3DIC design and simulation experience Good programming skills, preferably in Python. Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, Oregon, Hillsboro Additional Locations: US, California, Santa Clara, US, Texas, Austin Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $141,998.00-142,002.00 USD The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will be eligible for our hybrid work model which allows employees to split their time between working on-site at their assigned Intel site and off-site. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process30:T1185,We are recruiting outstanding Research Interns to work on autonomous vehicles, robotics, and physical AI! Intelligent machines that can perceive, reason, and safely interact with people and the physical world are rapidly becoming a reality. Self-driving cars, autonomous delivery and construction vehicles, mobile manipulators, and other robotic systems are moving closer to widespread deployment. However, fundamental research challenges remain before these systems can operate safely, reliably, and autonomously in complex, unfamiliar environments. For example, how can we: Develop new training paradigms that use perception and interaction to train autonomous vehicle and robot policies in closed loop? Equip autonomous systems with online and offline assurances that meet the requirements of safety-critical applications? Enable vehicles and robots to navigate across new environments, tasks, and embodiments? Build systems that reason under uncertainty and interact safely and naturally with people and other agents? These are some of the exciting questions being explored by NVIDIA’s Autonomous Systems and Physical AI Research (ASPIRE) group. Our diverse, interdisciplinary team conducts foundational research spanning foundation model design, embodied reasoning, safety, closed-loop training and evaluation, and agentic workflows for Physical AI development. We also investigate related areas including decision-making under uncertainty, deep learning, reinforcement learning, simulation, and the verification and validation of safety-critical AI systems. Our focus is on fundamental research, and lab members are encouraged to publish their work and open-source their code. NVIDIA is known for its collaborative culture, and our researchers work closely with experts across the company in autonomous vehicles, robotics, perception, simulation, and machine learning. This creates opportunities to influence real-world products while retaining the freedom and bandwidth to conduct groundbreaking, publishable research. What you’ll be doing: Designing and implementing cutting-edge techniques for autonomous vehicles, robotics, and physical AI. Conducting original research and publishing your results. Collaborating with research colleagues, internal product teams, and external researchers. Transferring technology you’ve developed to relevant product groups. What we need to see: Currently pursuing a PhD in Robotics, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or a related field. Relevant research experience in autonomous vehicles, robotics, embodied AI, or autonomous systems. Strong knowledge of the theory and practice of vehicle or robot autonomy—or expertise in a related area, with a strong interest in applying your work to autonomous systems. A track record of research excellence, demonstrated through publications at leading conferences and journals—such as RSS, ICRA, CoRL, IJRR, NeurIPS, ICML, CVPR, TAC, etc.—and through other research artifacts such as open-source software. Exceptional Python programming skills; experience with C++ and parallel programming, such as CUDA, is a plus. Experience with machine learning frameworks such as PyTorch. Strong communication and interpersonal skills are required, along with the ability to thrive in a dynamic, research-focused team. Are you intellectually curious, collaborative, and motivated to solve complex problems at the intersection of AI and the physical world? If so, you may be a great fit for NVIDIA. Our internship hourly rates are a standard pay based on the position, your location, year in school, degree, and experience. The hourly rate for our interns is 38 USD - 94 USD. You will also be eligible for Intern benefits. Applications for this job will be accepted at least until September 17, 2026. This posting is for an existing vacancy. NVIDIA uses AI tools in its recruiting processes. NVIDIA is committed to fostering an inclusive work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing. Today, our AI infrastructure powers global intelligence, transforming every industry. Learn more about NVIDIA.31:T1655,Overview Join the Microsoft Specialized Cloud (MSC) team - the next generation of platform and experiences enabling Microsoft and Azure, the fastest-growing cloud platform in the world which makes billions of dollars in revenue. MSC’s teams build and operate products and cloud services used by U.S. government customers at significant scale, solve challenging problems across distributed systems, developer platforms, data, reliability, and product experiences while collaborating with teams across Microsoft to deliver secure, dependable, and innovative technology for our U.S. Government customers and their missions. As a Security Assurance Intern, under supervision, you will analyze, engineer solutions and mitigate security issues through the design, policy, threat modeling, assurance program design, education, thought leadership and facilitation roles around secure software development and operational security assurance. You will support operational security and security incidents as well as security reviews and reporting. You will help plan and support research into security issues and partners across security disciplines to address issues. At Microsoft, Interns work on real-world projects in collaboration with teams across the world, while having fun along the way. You’ll be empowered to build community, explore your passions and achieve your goals. This is your chance to bring your solutions and ideas to life while working on cutting-edge technology. At Microsoft, our mission—to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more—guides how we partner with customers to deliver trusted, impactful solutions. With a growth mindset culture, we innovate responsibly and measure success by shared progress—people, teams, and customers. Join us to do meaningful work that changes the world and helps shape what’s next for everyone. Responsibilities Analyze threat trends and anomalies to determine operational impact. Determines vectors that introduce threat and potential mitigation strategies. Learns about systemic security issues and how to address them. Understands common deployment scenarios, dependencies, and data flow in overall analysis. Identify security defects or vulnerabilities and escalates as neededand identify deficiencies in security guidance to determine scope of potential impact and identifies relevant parties to involve. Begin to address security issues with customers and/or partners in a timely manner and use appropriate tools to isolate and solve identified issues and respond to customer and partner security issues, investigates solutions, coordinates response from appropriate parties and follows up with customers to ensure that issues are resolved and escalate issues as needed. Contribute to analysis report and communicate finding and recommendation to decision makers. Schedule security analysis including scope, priorities and overall security guarantees of a solution or application and adjust plan to respond to findings, schedule and priority changes. Embody our culture and values . Qualifications Required Qualifications: Currently pursuing a Bachelor's Degree with at least one semester/term of school remaining following the completion of the internship. Other Requirements: Security Clearance Requirements: Candidates must be able to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: The successful candidate must have an active U.S. Government Top Secret Security Clearance. Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. Failure to maintain or obtain the appropriate clearance and/or customer screening requirements may result in employment action up to and including termination. Clearance Verification: This position requires successful verification of the stated security clearance to meet federal government customer requirements. You will be asked to provide clearance verification information prior to an offer of employment. Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Citizenship & Citizenship Verification: This position requires verification of U.S. citizenship due to citizenship-based legal restrictions. Specifically, this position supports United States federal, state, and/or local United States government agency customer and is subject to certain citizenship-based restrictions where required or permitted by applicable law. To meet this legal requirement, citizenship will be verified via a valid passport, or other approved documents, or verified US government Clearance. This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.32:T16df,Overview Join the Microsoft Specialized Cloud (MSC) team - the next generation of platform and experiences enabling Microsoft and Azure, the fastest-growing cloud platform in the world which makes billions of dollars in revenue. MSC’s teams build and operate products and cloud services used by U.S. government customers at significant scale, solve challenging problems across distributed systems, developer platforms, data, reliability, and product experiences while collaborating with teams across Microsoft to deliver secure, dependable, and innovative technology for our U.S. Government customers and their missions. As a Technical Program Manager Intern, you will design product architecture and develop solutions to complex technical needs, while identifying trends in product quality and performance, to deliver on the roadmap. You will drive continuous improvement in quality, profitability, supportability and delivery, and act as in-house advocate for millions of people worldwide who use Microsoft products. This opportunity will allow you to lead the development and implementation process for products and services that exceed customer expectations, work cross functionally with internal and external partners, and define or change existing features. At Microsoft, Interns work on real-world projects in collaboration with teams across the world, while having fun along the way. You’ll be empowered to build community, explore your passions and achieve your goals. This is your chance to bring your solutions and ideas to life while working on cutting-edge technology. At Microsoft, our mission—to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more—guides how we partner with customers to deliver trusted, impactful solutions. With a growth mindset culture, we innovate responsibly and measure success by shared progress—people, teams, and customers. Join us to do meaningful work that changes the world and helps shape what’s next for everyone. Responsibilities Demonstrates ability to understand the problem and then learn and adopt relevant new technologies, tools, methods and processes to leverage in solutions. Responsible for aspects of the full product lifecycle, working on feature planning and design, managing the development specifications, monitoring ongoing operations to better understand customer experiences, and determining if the team needs to take action. Communicates throughout the full product lifecycle to create clarity on progress towards delivery, technical challenges, and customer needs using a data driven approach. Leads the development and implementation and generates energy for our products and services. Works collaboratively with teammates to ensure our products exceed customer and market expectations, while delivering on the roadmap. Represents project with compelling documentation and presentations to internal and/or external stakeholders. Embody our culture and values . Qualifications Required Qualifications: Currently pursuing a Bachelor's Degree with at least one semester/term of school remaining following the completion of the internship. Other Requirements: Security Clearance Requirements: Candidates must be able to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: The successful candidate must have an active U.S. Government Top Secret Security Clearance. Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. Failure to maintain or obtain the appropriate clearance and/or customer screening requirements may result in employment action up to and including termination. Clearance Verification: This position requires successful verification of the stated security clearance to meet federal government customer requirements. You will be asked to provide clearance verification information prior to an offer of employment. Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Citizenship & Citizenship Verification: This position requires verification of U.S. citizenship due to citizenship-based legal restrictions. Specifically, this position supports United States federal, state, and/or local United States government agency customer and is subject to certain citizenship-based restrictions where required or permitted by applicable law. To meet this legal requirement, citizenship will be verified via a valid passport, or other approved documents, or verified US government Clearance. Preferred Qualifications: Bachelor's Degree AND 1+ year(s) experience in engineering, product/technical program management, data analysis, or product development. 1+ year(s) experience reading and/or writing code (e.g., sample documentation, product demos). This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.33:T1a15,Overview Join the Microsoft Specialized Cloud (MSC) team - the next generation of platform and experiences enabling Microsoft and Azure, the fastest-growing cloud platform in the world which makes billions of dollars in revenue. MSC’s teams build and operate products and cloud services used by U.S. government customers at significant scale, solve challenging problems across distributed systems, developer platforms, data, reliability, and product experiences while collaborating with teams across Microsoft to deliver secure, dependable, and innovative technology for our U.S. Government customers and their missions. As a Product Manager Intern, you will define product vision and strategy by leveraging a deep understanding of the customer experience and competitive market, while identifying short-and long-term investment opportunities, evaluating tradeoffs, and driving the product roadmap. You will build consensus on product strategy, define features, vision and goals for a specific product(s) or set of features. This opportunity will allow you to develop and execute strategies to enable in-product organic growth and focus on central, cross-functional leadership of a product. At Microsoft, Interns work on real-world projects in collaboration with teams across the world, while having fun along the way. You’ll be empowered to build community, explore your passions and achieve your goals. This is your chance to bring your solutions and ideas to life while working on cutting-edge technology. Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate to empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond. Responsibilities Defines, drives, and tracks Key Results (OKRs), success criteria, and key performance metrics. Identifies, gains approval for, and adds directly or works with Software Engineering to add telemetry and experimentation into our system. Identifies customers’ unmet or unknown needs and market opportunities for enhancements or development of a feature (e.g., product, service) via quantitative and qualitative analyses and scope the impact of a problem. Prioritizes list of features or product experiences that will map to a set of business outcomes. Uses AI as to accelerate and expand learning, data mining, prototyping, synthesizing analysis, and decision-making. Leverages AI to safely collapse the distance from idea to impact. Collaborates with Product Marketing, Business Planning, and Engineering to identify product release criteria, customer acquisition, usage, retention, and monetization strategies. Leverages a line of communication with customers to capture feedback and insights through the product development lifecycle. Gathers input on priorities and resources needed to deliver desired outcomes for feature(s) (e.g., product, service). Iterates multiple designs with Design, Software Engineering, and Hardware Engineering. Updates, modifies OKRs, and reprioritizes work as needed to fit schedule based on this input. Assists in facilitating reviews (e.g., UX, system designs, data designs) with customers (e.g., regulators, engineers, policy makers, business-decision makers) to determine usability and ensure accessibility criteria and updated designs meet customer goals. Monitors and reports on progress and derive insights that lead to productive courses of action to improve product/feature development, iteration, and implementation. Leverages AI to query, analyze, and iterate on the product using telemetry. Embody our culture and values . Qualifications Required Qualifications: Currently pursuing a Bachelor's Degree with at least one semester/term of school remaining following the completion of the internship OR Currently pursuing a Master's Degree with at least one semester/term of school remaining following the completion of the internship OR Currently pursuing a Doctorate with at least one semester/term of school remaining following the completion of the internship. Other Requirements: Security Clearance Requirements: Candidates must be able to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: The successful candidate must have an active U.S. Government Top Secret Security Clearance. Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. Failure to maintain or obtain the appropriate clearance and/or customer screening requirements may result in employment action up to and including termination. Clearance Verification: This position requires successful verification of the stated security clearance to meet federal government customer requirements. You will be asked to provide clearance verification information prior to an offer of employment. Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Citizenship & Citizenship Verification: This position requires verification of U.S. citizenship due to citizenship-based legal restrictions. Specifically, this position supports United States federal, state, and/or local United States government agency customer and is subject to certain citizenship-based restrictions where required or permitted by applicable law. To meet this legal requirement, citizenship will be verified via a valid passport, or other approved documents, or verified US government Clearance. This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.34:T16f9,Overview Join the Microsoft Specialized Cloud (MSC) team - the next generation of platform and experiences enabling Microsoft and Azure, the fastest-growing cloud platform in the world which makes billions of dollars in revenue. MSC’s software engineering teams build and operate products and cloud services used by U.S. government customers at significant scale. Engineers solve challenging problems across distributed systems, developer platforms, data, reliability, and product experiences while collaborating with teams across Microsoft to deliver secure, dependable, and innovative technology for our U.S. Government customers and their missions . As a Software Engineering Intern, you will work with teammates to solve problems and build innovative software solutions. You will apply your passion for customers and product quality as you provide technical guidance to Technical Program Managers and Product Managers. You will learn and adopt relevant new technologies, tools, methods, and processes to leverage in your solutions. This opportunity will enable you to advance your career by designing, developing, and testing next-generation software that will empower every person and organization on the planet to achieve more. At Microsoft, Interns work on real-world projects in collaboration with teams across the world, while having fun along the way. You’ll be empowered to build community, explore your passions and achieve your goals. This is your chance to bring your solutions and ideas to life while working on cutting-edge technology. At Microsoft, our mission—to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more—guides how we partner with customers to deliver trusted, impactful solutions. With a growth mindset culture, we innovate responsibly and measure success by shared progress—people, teams, and customers. Join us to do meaningful work that changes the world and helps shape what’s next for everyone. Responsibilities Applies principles to diagnose and fix problems in code through sound and creative engineering. With guidance, creates and implements code at shipping quality for a product, service, or feature, reusing code as applicable. Completes software projects in a cooperative team environment. Documents and explains projects to team members to ensure long-term continuity. Improves technical solutions by seeking out and incorporating feedback, and learning and following established quality and security practices. Learns team specific technologies and related industry developments and continuously builds skills relevant to assigned work and proactively seeks new knowledge that will improve the ability to deliver software at quality that team requires. Learns new engineering methods, tools, and best practices, and incorporates them into work processes. Partners with appropriate stakeholders (e.g., mentor, manager) to understand user requirements for a feature and develops engineering plans to fulfill those requirements. Embody our culture and values . Qualifications Required Qualifications: Currently pursuing Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related technical field with at least one semester/term remaining following the completion of the internship OR Currently pursuing Master’s Degree in Computer Science or related technical field with at least one semester/term remaining following the completion of the internship. Other Requirements: Security Clearance Requirements: Candidates must be able to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: The successful candidate must have an active U.S. Government Top Secret Security Clearance. Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. Failure to maintain or obtain the appropriate clearance and/or customer screening requirements may result in employment action up to and including termination. Clearance Verification: This position requires successful verification of the stated security clearance to meet federal government customer requirements. You will be asked to provide clearance verification information prior to an offer of employment. Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Citizenship & Citizenship Verification: This position requires verification of U.S. citizenship due to citizenship-based legal restrictions. Specifically, this position supports United States federal, state, and/or local United States government agency customer and is subject to certain citizenship-based restrictions where required or permitted by applicable law. To meet this legal requirement, citizenship will be verified via a valid passport, or other approved documents, or verified US government Clearance. This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.35:T16f9,Overview Join the Microsoft Specialized Cloud (MSC) team - the next generation of platform and experiences enabling Microsoft and Azure, the fastest-growing cloud platform in the world which makes billions of dollars in revenue. MSC’s software engineering teams build and operate products and cloud services used by U.S. government customers at significant scale. Engineers solve challenging problems across distributed systems, developer platforms, data, reliability, and product experiences while collaborating with teams across Microsoft to deliver secure, dependable, and innovative technology for our U.S. Government customers and their missions . As a Software Engineering Intern, you will work with teammates to solve problems and build innovative software solutions. You will apply your passion for customers and product quality as you provide technical guidance to Technical Program Managers and Product Managers. You will learn and adopt relevant new technologies, tools, methods, and processes to leverage in your solutions. This opportunity will enable you to advance your career by designing, developing, and testing next-generation software that will empower every person and organization on the planet to achieve more. At Microsoft, Interns work on real-world projects in collaboration with teams across the world, while having fun along the way. You’ll be empowered to build community, explore your passions and achieve your goals. This is your chance to bring your solutions and ideas to life while working on cutting-edge technology. At Microsoft, our mission—to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more—guides how we partner with customers to deliver trusted, impactful solutions. With a growth mindset culture, we innovate responsibly and measure success by shared progress—people, teams, and customers. Join us to do meaningful work that changes the world and helps shape what’s next for everyone. Responsibilities Applies principles to diagnose and fix problems in code through sound and creative engineering. With guidance, creates and implements code at shipping quality for a product, service, or feature, reusing code as applicable. Completes software projects in a cooperative team environment. Documents and explains projects to team members to ensure long-term continuity. Improves technical solutions by seeking out and incorporating feedback, and learning and following established quality and security practices. Learns team specific technologies and related industry developments and continuously builds skills relevant to assigned work and proactively seeks new knowledge that will improve the ability to deliver software at quality that team requires. Learns new engineering methods, tools, and best practices, and incorporates them into work processes. Partners with appropriate stakeholders (e.g., mentor, manager) to understand user requirements for a feature and develops engineering plans to fulfill those requirements. Embody our culture and values . Qualifications Required Qualifications: Currently pursuing Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related technical field with at least one semester/term remaining following the completion of the internship OR Currently pursuing Master’s Degree in Computer Science or related technical field with at least one semester/term remaining following the completion of the internship. Other Requirements: Security Clearance Requirements: Candidates must be able to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: The successful candidate must have an active U.S. Government Top Secret Security Clearance. Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. Failure to maintain or obtain the appropriate clearance and/or customer screening requirements may result in employment action up to and including termination. Clearance Verification: This position requires successful verification of the stated security clearance to meet federal government customer requirements. You will be asked to provide clearance verification information prior to an offer of employment. Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Citizenship & Citizenship Verification: This position requires verification of U.S. citizenship due to citizenship-based legal restrictions. Specifically, this position supports United States federal, state, and/or local United States government agency customer and is subject to certain citizenship-based restrictions where required or permitted by applicable law. To meet this legal requirement, citizenship will be verified via a valid passport, or other approved documents, or verified US government Clearance. This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.36:T1563,Overview Come build community, explore your passions and do your best work at Microsoft. This opportunity will allow you to bring your aspirations, talent, potential and excitement for the journey ahead. As a Construction Project Management Intern, you will help manage daily aspects of site construction such as data center construction, facilities upgrades, Offsite and Substation construction and/or wireless telecommunications systems (towers, poles, equipment shelters). You will help be responsible for all construction priorities including safety (e.g., leading and driving a safety culture), compliance (e.g., MS Policy/SOX, OLC/Anti-Bribery Anti-Corruption), quality, schedule and cost (e.g., financial accountability). This opportunity will allow you to create detailed scope of work documentation and troubleshoot issues to avoid delays or escalations. At Microsoft, Interns work on real-world projects in collaboration with teams across the world, while having fun along the way. You’ll be empowered to build community, explore your passions and achieve your goals. This is your chance to bring your solutions and ideas to life while working on cutting-edge technology. This role is located in one of the following locations — Redmond, WA, Wenatchee WA, San Jose CA, Phoenix AZ. Relocation support will be provided, and successful candidates will need to relocate or reside within 50 miles of the office location. This role is for Fully Onsite work. Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate to empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond. #EiP Responsibilities Contributes to datacenter construction/integration activities on local/campus projects and provides findings and learns to provide recommendations on all datacenters fit-out related activities and ensures sound and data-driven decisions, with guidance from a manager and/or experienced peers. Provides feedback on the engineering documentation/designs, site, and building plans by examining and analyzing technical information. Supports the Internal Cloud Operations + Innovation (CO+I) and other Microsoft key stakeholders and review and share updated process flow information with guidance from a manager and/or project team peers to ensure new processes are being followed that increase cost savings and improve overall cycle-time and efficiencies. Follows guidance from others to complete local by organizing information to help others make timely data-based decisions in partnership with the local project team and stakeholders. Assists with the organization of specific project data supporting cost and key performance indicator (KPI) metrics, invoices, processes, and policies in order to communicate the status to the project team and assist with the reporting on project. Participates in internal teams to maintain the corporate vision and goals for the project with guidance from a manager and/or project team and follow guidelines to ensure adherence to safety standards and regulatory requirements (e.g., Occupational Safety and Health Administration [OSHA], or equivalent) to ensure compliance. Qualifications Required Qualifications Currently pursuing a Bachelor’s degree in Construction project management, Architecture, Engineering, or relevant experience (internships to 2 years) OR equivalent experience Must have at least one additional quarter/semester of school remaining following the completion of the internship. Preferred Qualifications Master’s degree (or currently pursuing) in construction project management, Architecture, Engineering, or related field AND 1+ years related experience OR equivalent experience 1+ years’ experience working on data center project. The base pay range for this internship is USD $4,700.00 - $8,350.00 per month. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $6,330.00 - $9,490.00 per month. Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other compensation. Find additional benefits and pay information here: https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-intern-pay Microsoft accepts applications and processes offers for these roles on an ongoing basis throughout the academic calendar (September - April) This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.37:T158c,Overview Come build community, explore your passions and do your best work at Microsoft. This opportunity will allow you to bring your aspirations, talent, potential and excitement for the journey ahead. As a Construction Project Management Intern, you will help manage daily aspects of site construction such as data center construction, facilities upgrades, Offsite and Substation construction and/or wireless telecommunications systems (towers, poles, equipment shelters). You will help be responsible for all construction priorities including safety (e.g., leading and driving a safety culture), compliance (e.g., MS Policy/SOX, OLC/Anti-Bribery Anti-Corruption), quality, schedule and cost (e.g., financial accountability). This opportunity will allow you to create detailed scope of work documentation and troubleshoot issues to avoid delays or escalations. At Microsoft, Interns work on real-world projects in collaboration with teams across the world, while having fun along the way. You’ll be empowered to build community, explore your passions and achieve your goals. This is your chance to bring your solutions and ideas to life while working on cutting-edge technology. This role is located either in one of the following locations — Atlanta GA, Charlotte NC, Durham (Roxboro) NC, Arlington (Blue Ridge) VA, Boydton VA. Relocation support will be provided, and successful candidates will need to relocate or reside within 50 miles of the office location. This role is for Fully Onsite work. Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate to empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond. #EiP Responsibilities Contributes to datacenter construction/integration activities on local/campus projects and provides findings and learns to provide recommendations on all datacenters fit-out related activities and ensures sound and data-driven decisions, with guidance from a manager and/or experienced peers. Provides feedback on the engineering documentation/designs, site, and building plans by examining and analyzing technical information. Supports the Internal Cloud Operations + Innovation (CO+I) and other Microsoft key stakeholders and review and share updated process flow information with guidance from a manager and/or project team peers to ensure new processes are being followed that increase cost savings and improve overall cycle-time and efficiencies. Follows guidance from others to complete local by organizing information to help others make timely data-based decisions in partnership with the local project team and stakeholders. Assists with the organization of specific project data supporting cost and key performance indicator (KPI) metrics, invoices, processes, and policies in order to communicate the status to the project team and assist with the reporting on project. Participates in internal teams to maintain the corporate vision and goals for the project with guidance from a manager and/or project team and follow guidelines to ensure adherence to safety standards and regulatory requirements (e.g., Occupational Safety and Health Administration [OSHA], or equivalent) to ensure compliance. Qualifications Required Qualifications Currently pursuing a Bachelor’s degree in Construction project management, Architecture, Engineering, or relevant experience (internships to 2 years) OR equivalent experience Must have at least one additional quarter/semester of school remaining following the completion of the internship. Preferred Qualifications Master’s degree (or currently pursuing) in construction project management, Architecture, Engineering, or related field AND 1+ years related experience OR equivalent experience 1+ years’ experience working on data center project. The base pay range for this internship is USD $4,700.00 - $8,350.00 per month. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $6,330.00 - $9,490.00 per month. Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other compensation. Find additional benefits and pay information here: https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-intern-pay Microsoft accepts applications and processes offers for these roles on an ongoing basis throughout the academic calendar (September - April) This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.38:T1321,Job Details: Job Description: Materials Technology Development (MTD) is looking for a Summer Intern 2027 in Assembly Technology Development (ATD). As a Module Engineering – Graduate Intern, you will: Conduct fundamental research and experimentation to characterize materials, identify potential failure modes, understand structure-property-performance relationships, assess material feasibility for product applications, and provide strategic material technology recommendations. Collaborate closely with materials suppliers to develop and source material formulations that meet stringent technology, quality, availability, and cost requirements. Develop comprehensive understanding of Intel's assembly processes, material interactions, and their impact on overall product performance. Partners with Equipment and Process Engineering teams implement material technologies on test vehicles and products while evaluating their performance metrics. Design and develop assembly processes and equipment by applying innovative concepts and novel solutions to enable Intel's roadmap for next-generation assembly packaging platform technologies. Qualifications: You must possess the below minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position. Experience would be obtained through a combination of prior education level classes, and current level school classes, projects, research, and relevant previous job and/or internship experience. Minimum Qualifications: Education: The candidate must be a full-time student pursuing a Ph.D. degree in the following disciplines: Materials Science and Engineering Chemical Engineering Chemistry Polymer Science or Polymer Chemistry Metallurgy or related technical fields 6+ months / 1+ years of relevant experience in: Fundamental research and experimentation Preferred Qualifications: Candidates should also demonstrate the following behavioral traits and skills: Technical problem-solving abilities. Strong presentation and communication skills. Fast-learning capabilities and deep technical expertise in their field. Ability to collaborate effectively across multiple teams. This position is not eligible for employment-based visa/immigration sponsorship. Intel sponsors individuals for employment-based visas for positions where we experience a shortage of U.S. workers. These skills shortage roles are typically STEM positions requiring a Master's or PhD degree, or a Bachelor's degree with at least three years of post-degree related job experience. This position does not qualify for Intel sponsorship because it is either a non-STEM position, or a STEM position that only requires a Bachelor's degree and less than three years' experience. For information on Intel's immigration sponsorship guidelines, please see: https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/jobs/hiring.html Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, Arizona, Phoenix Additional Locations: Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $120,898.00-120,902.00 USD The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will require an on-site presence. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process39:T17b3,Job Details: Job Description: As one of the world's largest chip manufacturers, and a global leader in innovative technology, Intel strives to make every facet of semiconductor manufacturing state-of-the-art from semiconductor process development and manufacturing, through yield improvement to packaging, final test and optimization, and world-class Supply Chain and facilities support. Join us at Intel Foundry Logic Technology Development (LTD) for a Graduate internship and participate in creating the next generation of technologies that will shape the future for decades to come. LTD intern would conduct scientific research to enable manufacturing of innovative device architectures. They would engage in designing, executing and analyzing experiments necessary to meet engineering specifications for their process, and participate in process and equipment development. The Role and Impact In this role, you will contribute to module process development, process integration flows, and equipment configuration for manufacturing modules. Work may also include support for yield improvement initiatives by analyzing defect data, conducting experiments, and assisting in risk assessments. You will work in collaboration with engineering teams to optimize metrology strategies, troubleshoot process flow issues, and continuously improve the process in preparation for high-volume manufacturing environment. As an intern, you will have an opportunity to learn and apply your knowledge, build skills, and explore future career opportunities through hands-on experience and projects that support Intel business goals in a collaborative environment. Business group As part of Intel Foundry, you will join Logic Technology Development (LTD) Metals team that focuses on Metals Thin Films Deposition within semiconductor manufacturing. The Logic Technology Development (LTD) organization delivers the latest process technology innovations to drive Intel's product roadmap. We foster a collaborative, supportive, and exciting environment where the brightest minds in the world come together to achieve exceptional results. The team supports Intel's broader mission of driving innovation and delivering high-quality solutions to meet global technological demands. Key Responsibilities Contribute to process development, continuous improvement, and implementation of semiconductor manufacturing processes for a specific module within LTD Metals.to help develop and improve our processes Design, execute, analyze experiments and present conclusions and recommendations to the group Collaborate with fab technicians and support experiment execution with clear instructions Assist engineering teams in process flow troubleshooting and metrology optimization strategies Apply statistical analysis and design experiments to enhance process reliability and throughput. Gain experience in materials and device characterization techniques, such as ellipsometry, xray-based techniques, 4-point probe, AFM, SEM and TEM. Qualifications: Minimum Qualifications PhD student in Chemical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Material Science, Physics, Chemistry, Mechanical Engineering, or a related field of study. Knowledge of semiconductor processing fundamentals, including thin films deposition, lithography, etching, polishing. Experience in thin films materials deposition techniques (ALD, CVD, PVD or electroplating) and characterization (ellipsometry, XRF, XPS, XRR, 4-point probe, AFM, SEM, TEM, etc.), hands-on lab/fab equipment experience Data analysis skills with demonstrated ability to construct clear data-based problem statements, design of experiment Preferred Qualifications PhD student 3rd or 4th year; experience with thin film deposition and characterization If you're eager to advance your expertise in semiconductor technology, collaborate in a supportive environment, and contribute to innovative solutions that shape the future of manufacturing, we encourage you to consider this opportunity. Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, Oregon, Hillsboro Additional Locations: Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $120,898.00-120,902.00 USD The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will require an on-site presence. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process3a:T1249,Job Details: Job Description: The Role and Impact As a Module Engineering PhD Intern, you will actively contribute to the development and implementation of manufacturing processes within a specific module in semiconductor manufacturing. Your day-to-day activities will include supporting equipment troubleshooting, maintenance, and qualification, while exploring process optimization opportunities to ensure production targets are met. This hands-on internship will provide you with invaluable experience and help you build skills in a collaborative and growth-oriented environment. Business group Intel Foundry is dedicated to advancing semiconductor manufacturing and delivering innovative solutions to customers worldwide. As part of this organization, you will join a team focused on improving manufacturing processes and equipment performance, supporting Intel's broader goals of driving technological excellence in the industry. The group fosters an environment of collaboration and innovation, empowering individuals to contribute meaningfully to Intel's success. Key Responsibilities Assist in developing and refining manufacturing processes for semiconductor modules. Support equipment troubleshooting, maintenance, and qualification activities to ensure optimal performance. Collaborate with engineering teams to optimize process control methodologies and enhance production efficiency. Work on projects that address real-world manufacturing challenges, applying your technical knowledge and research skills. Participate in learning opportunities and build skills to explore future career paths in semiconductor manufacturing. Qualifications: Minimum Qualifications Actively pursuing Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) Degree in Physics, Material Science, Chemistry, Chemical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, or a related field. Demonstrated skills through academic research, coursework, or hands-on training in areas such as semiconductor processing, manufacturing equipment, or advanced materials. Familiarity with process control techniques and methodologies. Technical proficiency in analyzing data and identifying process optimization opportunities. Preferred Qualifications Hands-on experience using and maintaining scientific equipment, research experience, experimental and data analysis expertise. Semiconductor device research, development or characterization experience This is your opportunity to gain hands-on experience, explore career possibilities, and contribute to impactful projects within Intel's dynamic and innovative semiconductor manufacturing environment. Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, Oregon, Hillsboro Additional Locations: Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $120,898.00-120,902.00 USD The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will require an on-site presence. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process3b:Td38,Overview Drive innovation at Microsoft Research Cambridge by joining a world-class team pioneering breakthroughs in robotics and AI infrastructure. Collaborate across disciplines to develop impactful solutions for datacenter automation and next-generation intelligent systems. Work alongside leading experts, leverage state-of-the-art technology, and contribute to projects that shape the future of computing. This is a unique opportunity to accelerate your career, expand your skills, and make a tangible impact at Microsoft and beyond in a dynamic, intellectually stimulating environment where your ideas drive real-world change. Contract Type: Internship (12 Weeks) Location: Cambridge UK Responsibilities Lead and collaborate on innovative robotics research projects, designing, prototyping, and validating new algorithms and control strategies. Design Real2Sim and Sim2Real strategies for robot model learning and robot motion planning for a custom robot. Work closely with a multidisciplinary team to address both fundamental and applied research challenges. Plan, design, and execute experiments to test and validate prototypes in simulation and real-world scenarios. Join a vibrant, mentor-guided research community for a 12-week internship, collaborating with fellow interns and leading researchers. Gain hands-on experience, present your work, and expand your professional network while making a real impact at Microsoft Research. Qualifications Required/Minimum Qualifications: Enrolled in PhD program (or recently completed) in Computer Science, Robotics, Mechanical/Electrical Engineering, or a closely related field. Demonstrated expertise in one or more areas of robotics, such as kinematics, dynamics, and motion control. Hands-on experience programming robots, developing control system algorithms, and integrating software with hardware. Experience with robotic simulators – e.g. MuJoCo, IsaacSim etc. Ability to thrive in collaborative, multidisciplinary teams. Preferred/Additional Qualifications: Proficiency in programming languages such as Python and/or C++ for simulation development, integration, or data pipeline automation. Strong publication record in top robotics venues (e.g., ICRA, RA-L, IROS, CoRL). Demonstrated expertise in one or more areas of robotics, such as manipulation and grasping, perception, kinematics, dynamics, and motion control. Hands-on experience programming robots, developing control system algorithms, and integrating software with hardware. This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.3c:T147a,Job Details: Job Description: Intel is seeking enthusiastic and motivated individuals for the Module Engineering Graduate Intern role. In this position, you will have the unique opportunity to contribute to Intel's semiconductor manufacturing processes and play a vital role in achieving production excellence. You will be part of a module team performing electrical measurements (Etest) on chips that are mid-process inside the wafer factory (fab), providing time-critical feedback for process development and monitoring of leading-edge transistor technologies. In the Etest (parametric test) module role, you will contribute to achieving key milestones in manufacturing readiness on leading nodes, including development of automated data summaries and response flow checklists for equipment errors. You will also develop an understanding of Etest probing recipe considerations and play a role in enabling Etest on new products within the factory, while partnering with data customers to monitor and react to measurement marginalities. By joining Intel as an intern, you will build technical expertise, explore future career opportunities, and contribute to innovative projects that impact Intel's success in the competitive semiconductor industry. Key Responsibilities Configure and build queries to pull and summarize Etest data Designing, executing and analyzing experiments to drive improved tool (equipment) matching. Working effectively with the equipment supplier to identify shortcomings; develop, propose, and evaluate novel solutions to mitigate issues. Collaborating with other Intel test sites to drive the test quality and sustaining excellence. The ideal candidate should exhibit the following behavioral traits: - Problem-solving mindset and commitment to performing to Intel values. - Ability to work effectively within a highly skilled engineering team. Qualifications: You must possess the below minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position. Preferred qualifications are in addition to the minimum qualifications and are considered a plus factor in identifying top candidates. Experience listed below would be obtained through a combination of your schoolwork, classes, research, relevant previous job, and/or internship experiences. Minimum Qualifications Currently pursuing a PhD in Electrical Engineering, Physics, Computer Engineering, or a related specialized field. 3+ months of experience listed above should be in any the following: - Strong grasp of electrical circuitry fundamentals. - Hands-on experience in instrument design, test system development, or design validation. - Experience with data summarization and data analysis techniques. Preferred Qualifications - Experience with device or circuit design, or electronic test equipment. - Familiarity with Python, LabVIEW, or other programming for instrument control. - Understanding of hardware troubleshooting methodologies. - Ability to communicate complex concepts effectively and collaborate in a team environment. We invite you to be part of our innovative team and contribute to shaping the future of technology. Apply today to start your journey with Intel. Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, Oregon, Hillsboro Additional Locations: Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $120,898.00-120,902.00 USD The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will require an on-site presence. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process3d:T1974,Job Details: Job Description: The Role and Impact Join Intel Foundry's cutting-edge manufacturing organization as a Module Engineering PhD Intern. In this role, you will contribute to the development, optimization, and sustainment of advanced semiconductor manufacturing processes within a specific process module. Working alongside experienced engineers, you will gain hands-on exposure to state-of-the-art semiconductor fabrication technologies while helping solve complex technical challenges that drive manufacturing excellence. As a Module Engineering Intern, you will support process and equipment improvements, analyze manufacturing performance, and collaborate across engineering disciplines to enhance process capability, yield, quality, and operational efficiency. Your work will directly contribute to Intel's next-generation semiconductor technologies and manufacturing innovations. About Intel Foundry Intel Foundry is a world-class semiconductor manufacturing organization that enables Intel's global technology leadership. Our teams develop, optimize, and sustain advanced manufacturing processes and equipment across some of the most sophisticated fabrication facilities in the world. By joining Intel Foundry, you will become part of a highly collaborative environment focused on innovation, technical excellence, and shaping the future of semiconductor technology. Key Responsibilities Support the development, implementation, optimization, and sustainment of semiconductor manufacturing processes within a specific module area. Troubleshoot, maintain, and qualify manufacturing equipment to ensure process stability, reliability, and performance. Analyze process and equipment performance data to identify opportunities for improvement and drive corrective actions. Collaborate with cross-functional engineering teams to improve process control methodologies, operational efficiency, yield, and quality. Investigate and resolve process and equipment-related issues affecting manufacturing operations. Apply scientific and engineering principles to solve complex technical challenges in a high-volume manufacturing environment. Participate in hands-on projects aligned with Intel's business objectives while developing technical, analytical, and leadership skills. Present technical findings, recommendations, and project outcomes to engineering stakeholders. Qualifications: Minimum Qualifications Currently pursuing a PhD in Chemistry, Physics, Materials Science, Chemical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, or a related scientific or engineering discipline. Demonstrated knowledge of semiconductor manufacturing, materials processing, device fabrication, or related technologies through academic research, coursework, laboratory work, or industry experience. Experience applying scientific and engineering methodologies to solve technical problems. Strong analytical, troubleshooting, and problem-solving skills. Preferred Qualifications Cumulative GPA of 3.0 or higher. 3+ months of educational, research, laboratory, internship, or industry experience. Experience with data analysis, statistical methods, modeling, simulation, automation, or visualization tools such as Python, MATLAB, SQL, JMP, R, or equivalent platforms. Experience leveraging AI and Large Language Models (LLMs) in research, engineering, or productivity workflows, including tools such as Microsoft Copilot or Google Gemini. Research, coursework, projects, publications, or internship experience related to semiconductor technology, advanced manufacturing, process development, materials science, device physics, or data analytics. Strong written and verbal communication skills with the ability to communicate technical concepts and findings effectively. Demonstrated ability to work collaboratively in a team-based environment while managing multiple priorities. What You'll Gain Exposure to advanced semiconductor manufacturing technologies and processes. Opportunities to work on impactful projects that influence real-world production and technology development. Mentorship from experienced engineers and technical leaders. Development of technical, analytical, and professional skills in a fast-paced engineering environment. Potential opportunities to explore future career paths within Intel. Join Intel and help drive the future of semiconductor innovation through world-class manufacturing and engineering excellence Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, Oregon, Hillsboro Additional Locations: Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $120,898.00-120,902.00 USD The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will require an on-site presence. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process3e:T1707,Job Details: Job Description: The Role and Impact As a Module Engineering PhD Intern, you will contribute to the development, optimization, and implementation of advanced manufacturing processes within semiconductor production. In this role, you will work closely with experienced engineers to troubleshoot, sustain, and qualify manufacturing equipment while supporting process improvements that enhance operational performance, yield, and reliability. This internship offers a unique opportunity to apply cutting-edge research and technical expertise in a high-volume manufacturing environment, gain hands-on industry experience, and make meaningful contributions to technology that powers the world. Business Group Intel Foundry is at the forefront of semiconductor manufacturing innovation, delivering world-class process technologies and manufacturing solutions. The organization is focused on driving operational excellence, advancing manufacturing capabilities, and enabling the production of industry-leading semiconductor products. As part of Intel Foundry, you will collaborate with talented engineers and researchers who are shaping the future of technology through innovation, continuous improvement, and engineering excellence. Key Responsibilities Support the development, optimization, and implementation of manufacturing processes for semiconductor production modules. Troubleshoot, sustain, and qualify manufacturing equipment to improve performance, reliability, and operational efficiency. Partner with cross-functional engineering teams to develop and enhance process control methodologies. Analyze process and equipment data to identify improvement opportunities and drive manufacturing excellence. Execute technical projects focused on equipment performance, process optimization, and yield enhancement. Apply engineering principles and research methodologies to solve complex manufacturing challenges and develop innovative solutions. Contribute to initiatives that improve safety, quality, productivity, and operational effectiveness. Qualifications: Minimum Qualifications Currently pursuing a PhD degree in Engineering, Materials Science, Physics, Chemistry, Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Chemical Engineering, or a related STEM discipline. 3+ months of hands-on experience through research, laboratory work, internships, academic projects, or industry experience. Fundamental understanding of semiconductor manufacturing processes, process engineering, or advanced manufacturing methodologies. Strong analytical, problem-solving, and technical communication skills. Preferred Qualifications Research experience in semiconductor device fabrication, process development, materials engineering, or manufacturing technologies. Experience working with process characterization, statistical analysis, data analytics, or experimental design methodologies. Hands-on experience operating, troubleshooting, and maintaining complex equipment and hardware systems Strong academic performance with a cumulative GPA of 3.0 or higher preferred. Knowledge of semiconductor manufacturing equipment, process control systems, and equipment qualification techniques. Demonstrated ability to work effectively in cross-functional and collaborative engineering environments. Proven ability to take initiative, solve complex technical problems, and deliver results in a fast-paced setting. Bring your passion for innovation and research to Intel Foundry, where you will work alongside industry-leading engineers and technical experts to solve complex manufacturing challenges. This internship provides an opportunity to develop advanced technical skills, contribute to breakthrough technologies, and help shape the future of semiconductor manufacturing while building a strong foundation for your career. Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, Oregon, Hillsboro Additional Locations: Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $120,898.00-120,902.00 USD The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will require an on-site presence. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process3f:T1690,Job Details: Job Description: The Role and Impact As a Module Engineering PhD Intern, you will play a critical role in advancing Intel's semiconductor manufacturing technology. In this position, you will work on challenging, hands-on projects that support the development, implementation, optimization, and continuous improvement of manufacturing processes within a specific process module. You will collaborate with cross-functional engineering teams to investigate process and equipment issues, analyze complex data sets, qualify manufacturing equipment, and drive process enhancements that improve yield, quality, and operational efficiency. This internship provides an excellent opportunity to apply advanced research and technical expertise while making a meaningful impact on next-generation semiconductor technologies. Business Group The Intel Foundry organization is driving innovation in semiconductor manufacturing through the development, optimization, and sustainment of advanced process technologies and production methodologies. The team is committed to delivering technology leadership and operational excellence while enabling Intel's future manufacturing roadmap. As part of this organization, you will work alongside industry-leading engineers and researchers in a collaborative environment focused on shaping the future of semiconductor manufacturing. Key Responsibilities Support the development, implementation, and optimization of semiconductor manufacturing processes within a specific process module. Troubleshoot, sustain, and qualify manufacturing equipment to improve process stability, yield, and operational efficiency. Collaborate with engineering teams to develop and enhance process control methodologies that support production and technology development goals. Conduct experiments, analyze data, and identify opportunities for process improvements and innovation. Participate in root cause investigations and implement corrective actions to address process and equipment challenges. Apply advanced engineering and scientific principles to solve complex manufacturing problems. Present technical findings, recommendations, and project results to engineering stakeholders. Qualifications: Minimum Qualifications Must be actively pursuing a PhD degree in Engineering, Materials Science, Physics, Chemistry, Chemical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, or a related STEM field. 3+ months of educational, research, laboratory, internship, or industry experience. Demonstrated hands-on experience through academic research, laboratory work, internships, coursework, or technical projects. Basic understanding of semiconductor manufacturing processes, process integration, or advanced manufacturing methodologies. Preferred Qualifications Experience with data analysis, statistical methods, and process optimization techniques. Strong academic performance with a cumulative GPA of 3.0 or higher preferred. Proficiency in Machine Learning, Python, SQL, or other data analysis tools. Experience conducting research or developing technical solutions within semiconductor manufacturing, process engineering, or related fields. Strong analytical, problem-solving, and troubleshooting skills. Ability to work effectively in a collaborative, cross-functional engineering environment. Excellent communication skills with the ability to present technical findings and recommendations. We encourage candidates who are passionate about innovation, research, and technology development to apply. Join Intel and contribute to the advancement of cutting-edge semiconductor manufacturing while gaining valuable industry experience and professional growth opportunities Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, Oregon, Hillsboro Additional Locations: Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $120,898.00-120,902.00 USD The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will require an on-site presence. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process40:T128c,Job Details: Job Description: The Role and Impact As a Software Solutions Engineering PhD Intern, you will contribute to the development of integrated software solutions tailored to customer and platform needs. Your work will involve collaborating with cross-functional teams to combine system-level understanding with application development, enabling scalable and optimized solutions. You will also build essential skills and explore future career opportunities through hands-on experience and impactful projects that align with Intel's business goals. Business group The Intel Foundry team is dedicated to driving innovation and delivering cutting-edge solutions to meet customer and platform requirements. This group focuses on enabling Intel's mission of creating world-changing technology, contributing to advancements in hardware, firmware, and software engineering. Joining this team means becoming part of a collaborative and forward-thinking environment that supports Intel's vision and fosters your professional growth. Key Responsibilities Develop integrated software solutions by combining system-level understanding with application development. Assist in solution architecture design, feature prototyping, and performance analysis for diverse workloads and environments. Collaborate with hardware, firmware, and customer engineering teams to deliver scalable and optimized solutions. Refactor, consolidate, and standardize yield reports. Develop frameworks to optimize interconnectivity and report consolidation, enabling developer collaboration. Create design UI style guidelines and assets for reporting tools. Explore new analytic capabilities to provide additional impact on software and system performance. Qualifications: Minimum Qualifications Must be pursuing a PhD in Computer Science or a related field. Strong computational capabilities and problem-solving skills. Proficiency in Python and SQL for programming, analytics, and reporting. Basic understanding of semiconductor defect analysis workflows. Preferred Qualifications Experience with PDF Extension is a plus but not required. Knowledge of JSL and Power BI for programming, analytics, and reporting. Familiarity with industry trends or prior exposure to analytic tools is advantageous. Strong communication and teamwork skills, with a focus on collaboration across disciplines. Enthusiasm for learning and applying new concepts in a fast-paced and innovative environment. This is your opportunity to shape the future of technology while gaining invaluable experience in a dynamic, collaborative environment. We are excited to see how your expertise and passion will make an impact on our team. Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, Oregon, Hillsboro Additional Locations: Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $149,598.00-149,602.00 USD The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will require an on-site presence. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process41:T1944,Job Details: Job Description: Intel Technology Research is advancing the future of AI and high-performance computing through innovative advanced packaging technologies and 3D heterogeneous integration. Enabling novel system architecture, developing innovating process integration and establishing predictive physics-based simulation capabilities are critical for enabling complex large form factor packages with high-bandwidth interconnect. As an Advanced Packaging Integration and Simulation Intern, you will collaborate with leading researchers, process engineers, and modeling experts to develop and assess next-generation package architectures. In this role, you will contribute to advanced Research and Dev across package integration, process flow definition and development, package modeling, yield and reliability assessment, and data analytics. Key Responsibilities Support advanced packaging integration activities across wafer-level and package-level process flows, including wafer level process, 2.5D/3D integration, chiplet integration, and hybrid bonding-related modules. Develop and execute Design of Experiments (DOE) to understand relationships among package architecture, process conditions, material behavior, and electrical/mechanical performance. Build, calibrate, and apply simulation models to understand mechanical characteristics of packages, interconnect quality, thermal performance, etc. Conduct thermo-mechanical simulations to evaluate material responses to temperature, stress, and package-level loading conditions. Analyze inspection, process, and simulation data to identify root causes of integration challenges and recommend improvement paths. Collaborate with cross-functional teams to optimize process flows for yield, reliability, manufacturability, and package performance. Present findings through technical presentations and potential publications. What You Will Gain: Gain hands-on exposure to advanced packaging integration challenges that enable future semiconductor technologies. Learn how process integration, material selection, design rules, metrology, and package architecture interact to drive yield and reliability. Develop practical experience with developing package simulation, model validation, and data-driven engineering analysis. Gain exposure to advanced packaging architectures, including chiplets, 2.5D/3D integration, wafer-level assembly, and industrial leading interconnect technologies. Participate in technical reviews, technology forums, and intern research presentations with experienced engineers and researchers. Qualifications: You must possess the below minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position. Preferred qualifications are in addition to the minimum qualifications and are considered a plus factor in identifying top candidates. Experience listed below would be obtained through a combination of your schoolwork, classes, research, relevant previous job, and/or internship experiences. Minimum Qualifications Candidate must be pursuing a PhD degree in Mechanical Engineering, Materials Science and Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Physics, Manufacturing Engineering, or a closely related STEM discipline Must be available to work full-time for the duration of a 3-month internship. 3+ months of academic or professional experience in one or more of the following areas: Experience with laboratory experimentation, engineering data analysis, or simulation/modeling workflows. Experience in process integration or hands-on module development. Programming or data analysis experience using Python, MATLAB, JMP, R, or similar tools. Statistical analysis, DOE, or machine learning for engineering applications. Preferred Qualifications 6+ months of academic or professional experience in one or more of the following areas: Advanced packaging, heterogeneous integration, wafer-level packaging, chiplet integration, or package assembly process development. Thermal/mechanical/electrical modeling, finite element analysis preferred. Failure analysis for semiconductor process and package assembly. Join us at Intel to contribute to technological advancements while building a rewarding and impactful career. Apply now to be a part of our extraordinary journey. Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, Arizona, Phoenix Additional Locations: US, Oregon, Hillsboro Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $120,898.00-120,902.00 USD The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will be eligible for our hybrid work model which allows employees to split their time between working on-site at their assigned Intel site and off-site. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process42:T1999,Job Details: Job Description: As a Module Engineering Intern within Intel's F25 Metals organization, you will work alongside engineers, technicians, and operations teams to support High Volume Manufacturing (HVM) of Intel's leading-edge semiconductor technologies. This role offers a unique opportunity to gain hands-on experience in semiconductor manufacturing while contributing to real-world engineering and operational challenges. Interns will own and execute a meaningful project focused on areas such as process improvement, manufacturing efficiency, equipment performance, automation, data analytics, quality systems, or operational excellence. In addition to their primary project, interns will participate in day-to-day engineering activities and engage with cross-functional stakeholders to gain a broad understanding of semiconductor manufacturing operations. Throughout the internship, you will learn how engineering decisions are made in a high-volume manufacturing environment by observing manufacturing workflows, analyzing data, identifying improvement opportunities, and communicating recommendations to technical and business partners. Interns are encouraged to explore multiple aspects of the organization through networking, mentorship, training, and collaboration across engineering disciplines. This internship provides opportunities to: Lead a project from problem definition through execution and final presentation Analyze manufacturing, equipment, and operational data to support decision making Apply structured problem-solving and continuous improvement methodologies Collaborate with engineers, technicians, quality teams, and operational stakeholders Develop technical communication and presentation skills Gain exposure to advanced semiconductor manufacturing technologies and operations Successful candidates will demonstrate curiosity, initiative, strong problem-solving abilities, and a desire to learn in a fast-paced manufacturing environment. This role is designed to provide meaningful industry experience while helping evaluate potential future engineers for full-time opportunities within Intel. Qualifications: Minimum Qualifications Qualifications are typically obtained through a combination of academic coursework, research experience, internships, and/or relevant industry experience. Currently pursuing a PhD degree in Electrical Engineering, Chemical Engineering, Materials Science, Physics, or a related technical discipline. Minimum GPA of 3.0. Academic coursework or research experience in semiconductor processing, materials science, microelectronics, advanced materials, or a closely related field. Availability to participate in a minimum 10 to 12-week summer internship. 3+ months of educational, research, laboratory, internship, or industry experience. Ability to work onsite in Hillsboro, Oregon. Preferred Qualifications Previous internship, research, laboratory, project, or industry experience in engineering, manufacturing, data analytics, process development, or a related technical field. Familiarity with semiconductor manufacturing, industrial operations, quality systems, continuous improvement, or complex technical environments. Experience working with data analysis and visualization tools such as Python, JMP, MATLAB, Power BI, Excel, SQL, or similar platforms. Knowledge of problem-solving and continuous improvement methodologies such as root cause analysis, 8D, SPC, Pareto analysis, Design of Experiments (DOE), Lean, or Six Sigma. Demonstrated ability to analyze data, identify trends, and develop data-driven recommendations. Experience breaking down complex problems into executable plans and managing multiple priorities simultaneously. Experience collaborating on cross-functional projects involving technical and non-technical stakeholders. Strong written, verbal, and presentation skills, including experience communicating technical concepts to diverse audiences. Self-motivated with a demonstrated ability to learn quickly, ask questions, and take initiative in unfamiliar situations. Experience creating technical documentation, reports, dashboards, presentations, posters, or project summaries. Exposure to one or more of the following areas is a plus: Semiconductor manufacturing or process engineering, Automation or scripting, Data analytics and visualization, Equipment engineering, Quality systems and continuous improvement, Manufacturing operations, Materials science or device fabrication. Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, Oregon, Hillsboro Additional Locations: Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $120,898.00-120,902.00 USD The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will require an on-site presence. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process43:Td91,Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Multifaceted, amazing people and inspiring, innovative technologies are the norm here. The people who work here have reinvented entire industries with all Apple Hardware products. The same passion for innovation that goes into our products also applies to our practices strengthening our commitment to leave the world better than we found it. The UK GPU team works on IPs that are part of Apple’s world-class GPU designs for Apple Silicon SoCs. We are seeking highly motivated, innovative and confident individuals to join us, across the following areas: Architecture Validation, Performance Modelling and Platform Architecture. You will be at the centre of a chip design effort working with all disciplines, with a critical impact on getting high performant products to millions of Apple customers efficiently. Locations: These roles will be based in London, St Albans or Cambridge. You will have the opportunity to express your location preferences if selected for interview. We will be hiring for the below internships in 2026/27 and across the available start dates: Autumn / Winter 2026 or Spring / Summer 2027. Architecture Validation: Building experience interpreting hardware functional specifications together with architects, micro-architects, and designers, you will be able to build bit-accurate C/C++ models of the GPU or design workloads to verify new GPU features through models. You will partner with our verification and software teams to identify bugs in the workloads, model and hardware, collaborate to verify architectural solutions, and communicate recommendations to the wider team. Performance Modelling: You will have impact in defining and optimising Apple's GPU micro-architecture. Through collaboration, you will seek out areas for GPU performance improvement while collecting data and measurements that either confirm new features or rule them out. You will work with experienced designers in micro-architecture and RTL to assess the feasibility of ideas, refine them and create new ones. The role requires the analysis of interesting workloads across existing and new product categories to identify bottlenecks and opportunities for improvement. You will be architecting new simulator features and brainstorming novel ideas to boost simulation performance. We also cross-collaborate as a larger performance team to maintain and improve the simulation environment and look for ways to boost the productivity of the entire team. Platform Architecture: Are you ready to be at the forefront of architecting the next generation of Apple GPUs? This role will require you to analyze the performance of existing and future looking workloads and propose, alongside with world-class GPU and SoC Architects, new features and research on novel ideas to boost to new heights the performance of our GPUs. To do so, you’ll use performance and energy models to evaluate, iterate and tune the different ideas until the proposal is mature enough to be presented to senior GPU Architects to make a decision on its feasibility. You’ll also cross-collaborate as a larger architecture and performance team to maintain and improve the simulation environment and look for ways to boost the productivity of the entire team.44:Td91,Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Multifaceted, amazing people and inspiring, innovative technologies are the norm here. The people who work here have reinvented entire industries with all Apple Hardware products. The same passion for innovation that goes into our products also applies to our practices strengthening our commitment to leave the world better than we found it. The UK GPU team works on IPs that are part of Apple’s world-class GPU designs for Apple Silicon SoCs. We are seeking highly motivated, innovative and confident individuals to join us, across the following areas: Architecture Validation, Performance Modelling and Platform Architecture. You will be at the centre of a chip design effort working with all disciplines, with a critical impact on getting high performant products to millions of Apple customers efficiently. Locations: These roles will be based in London, St Albans or Cambridge. You will have the opportunity to express your location preferences if selected for interview. We will be hiring for the below internships in 2026/27 and across the available start dates: Autumn / Winter 2026 or Spring / Summer 2027. Architecture Validation: Building experience interpreting hardware functional specifications together with architects, micro-architects, and designers, you will be able to build bit-accurate C/C++ models of the GPU or design workloads to verify new GPU features through models. You will partner with our verification and software teams to identify bugs in the workloads, model and hardware, collaborate to verify architectural solutions, and communicate recommendations to the wider team. Performance Modelling: You will have impact in defining and optimising Apple's GPU micro-architecture. Through collaboration, you will seek out areas for GPU performance improvement while collecting data and measurements that either confirm new features or rule them out. You will work with experienced designers in micro-architecture and RTL to assess the feasibility of ideas, refine them and create new ones. The role requires the analysis of interesting workloads across existing and new product categories to identify bottlenecks and opportunities for improvement. You will be architecting new simulator features and brainstorming novel ideas to boost simulation performance. We also cross-collaborate as a larger performance team to maintain and improve the simulation environment and look for ways to boost the productivity of the entire team. Platform Architecture: Are you ready to be at the forefront of architecting the next generation of Apple GPUs? This role will require you to analyze the performance of existing and future looking workloads and propose, alongside with world-class GPU and SoC Architects, new features and research on novel ideas to boost to new heights the performance of our GPUs. To do so, you’ll use performance and energy models to evaluate, iterate and tune the different ideas until the proposal is mature enough to be presented to senior GPU Architects to make a decision on its feasibility. You’ll also cross-collaborate as a larger architecture and performance team to maintain and improve the simulation environment and look for ways to boost the productivity of the entire team.45:Td91,Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Multifaceted, amazing people and inspiring, innovative technologies are the norm here. The people who work here have reinvented entire industries with all Apple Hardware products. The same passion for innovation that goes into our products also applies to our practices strengthening our commitment to leave the world better than we found it. The UK GPU team works on IPs that are part of Apple’s world-class GPU designs for Apple Silicon SoCs. We are seeking highly motivated, innovative and confident individuals to join us, across the following areas: Architecture Validation, Performance Modelling and Platform Architecture. You will be at the centre of a chip design effort working with all disciplines, with a critical impact on getting high performant products to millions of Apple customers efficiently. Locations: These roles will be based in London, St Albans or Cambridge. You will have the opportunity to express your location preferences if selected for interview. We will be hiring for the below internships in 2026/27 and across the available start dates: Autumn / Winter 2026 or Spring / Summer 2027. Architecture Validation: Building experience interpreting hardware functional specifications together with architects, micro-architects, and designers, you will be able to build bit-accurate C/C++ models of the GPU or design workloads to verify new GPU features through models. You will partner with our verification and software teams to identify bugs in the workloads, model and hardware, collaborate to verify architectural solutions, and communicate recommendations to the wider team. Performance Modelling: You will have impact in defining and optimising Apple's GPU micro-architecture. Through collaboration, you will seek out areas for GPU performance improvement while collecting data and measurements that either confirm new features or rule them out. You will work with experienced designers in micro-architecture and RTL to assess the feasibility of ideas, refine them and create new ones. The role requires the analysis of interesting workloads across existing and new product categories to identify bottlenecks and opportunities for improvement. You will be architecting new simulator features and brainstorming novel ideas to boost simulation performance. We also cross-collaborate as a larger performance team to maintain and improve the simulation environment and look for ways to boost the productivity of the entire team. Platform Architecture: Are you ready to be at the forefront of architecting the next generation of Apple GPUs? This role will require you to analyze the performance of existing and future looking workloads and propose, alongside with world-class GPU and SoC Architects, new features and research on novel ideas to boost to new heights the performance of our GPUs. To do so, you’ll use performance and energy models to evaluate, iterate and tune the different ideas until the proposal is mature enough to be presented to senior GPU Architects to make a decision on its feasibility. You’ll also cross-collaborate as a larger architecture and performance team to maintain and improve the simulation environment and look for ways to boost the productivity of the entire team.46:T20bd,At Netflix, our mission is to entertain the world. Together, we are writing the next episode - pushing the boundaries of storytelling, global fandom and making the unimaginable a reality. We are a dream team obsessed with the uncomfortable excitement of discovering what happens when you merge creativity, intuition and cutting-edge technology. Come be a part of what’s next. Netflix is one of the world's leading entertainment services, with over 300 million paid memberships in over 190 countries enjoying TV series, films and games across a wide variety of genres and languages. Members can play, pause and resume watching as much as they want, anytime, anywhere, and can change their plans at any time. Machine learning research at Netflix improves various aspects of our business, including personalization algorithms, member and title understanding, creative tooling, system optimization, and innovative tooling. Our research spans many areas of machine learning, including recommender systems, reinforcement learning, computer vision, natural language processing, optimization, causality, and operations research. Great applied research also requires robust machine learning infrastructure, another strong emphasis at Netflix. We are looking for individuals with the following qualifications: * Currently enrolled student pursuing a PhD (2nd–4th year preferred) in Computer Science, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Computer Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, Data Science, Economics, Computational Biology, Chemistry, Physics, Cognitive Science, or a related field * Available to work onsite, 40 hours per week in Los Gatos (housing/relocation support provided). Some roles may be in Los Angeles. * Domain expertise in one or more of the following areas: * Personalization & Recommender Systems: Transformers/LLMs for recommendations, collaborative filtering, content-based recommendation, hybrid systems, conversational recommenders * Natural Language Processing (NLP): Large Language Models, fine-tuning, in-context learning, prompt engineering, alignment, evaluation, text generation, embeddings * Computer Vision (CV): Image and video understanding, generation, and representation learning * Computer Graphics (CG): Modeling, Animation, Lighting, Rendering, Generative Video * Reliable ML: Robustness, fairness, uncertainty quantification, explainability/interpretability * Causal ML: Causal inference, causal discovery, double ML, policy learning, dynamic panel/choice modeling * Agentic AI: LLM agents, tool use, retrieval-augmented reasoning, memory and goal management, multi-step reasoning * Multimodal Data: Modeling across text/image/video/audio, modality fusion and alignment, multimodal retrieval * Model Optimization & Efficiency: Training/inference efficiency, model benchmarking, compression, distillation * Experience programming in at least one language (Python, Java, Scala, or C/C++) * Familiarity developing ML models with common frameworks (PyTorch, TensorFlow, JAX) and training on GPUs * Familiarity with distributed training/inference paradigms and frameworks (e.g., DDP, FSDP, HSDP, DeepSpeed) * Familiarity with end-to-end ML pipelines (training or production deployment) and common challenges like explainability * Curious, self-motivated, and excited about solving open-ended challenges at Netflix * Strong written and verbal communication skills Nice to have: * Publications in top conferences or journals (NeurIPS, ICML, ICLR, RecSys, ACL/EMNLP/NAACL, AAAI, CIKM, WWW, UAI, CVPR) * Comfort with software engineering best practices (version control, testing, code review) Program details: * 12-week minimum internship with a start date early January 2027 * Based at our Los Gatos, CA headquarters * Intended for students returning to school for at least one semester/quarter after the internship; conversion/return offers are based on business need and headcount, and are not guaranteed For your application to be considered complete: * You will be sent an Airtable form shortly after you submit your application on our careers site; your application will not be considered complete until you fill out and submit this form. * Include a Resume or CV with complete contact information (email, phone, mailing address) and a list of relevant coursework and publications (if applicable). You will be asked to include a short statement describing your research experiences and interests, and (optionally) their relevance to Netflix Research. For inspiration, have a look at the Netflix Research site. * Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis and it's in the applicant's best interest to apply early. The application window will remain open until roles are filled. About the Internship Program At Netflix, we offer a personalized experience for interns, and our aim is to offer an experience that mimics what it is like to actually work here. We match qualified interns with projects and groups based on interests and skill sets, and fully embed interns within those groups. Netflix is a unique place to work and we live by our values, so it's worth learning more about our culture. * Internships are paid and are a minimum of 12 weeks, with a fixed start date early January 2027 (Winter). Our Winter internships will be located at our headquarters in Los Gatos, CA. * This program is intended for students who will be returning to school for at least one semester/quarter following the internship to be eligible for full time employment. Conversion or return offers are based on business need and headcount, and are not guaranteed. At Netflix, we carefully consider a wide range of compensation factors to determine the Intern top of market. We rely on market indicators to determine compensation and consider your specific job, skills, and experience to get it right. These considerations can cause your compensation to vary and will also be dependent on your location. The overall market range for Netflix Internships is typically $40/hour - $85/hour. This market range is based on total compensation (vs. only base salary), which is in line with our compensation philosophy. Netflix is a unique culture and environment. Learn more here. Inclusion is a Netflix value and we strive to host a meaningful interview experience for all candidates. If you want an accommodation/adjustment for a disability or any other reason during the hiring process, please send a request to your recruiting partner. We are an equal-opportunity employer and celebrate diversity, recognizing that diversity builds stronger teams. We approach diversity and inclusion seriously and thoughtfully. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, ancestry, national origin, caste, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, age, disability, medical condition, pregnancy, genetic makeup, marital status, or military service. Apply now and help us shape the future of entertainment at Netflix! Netflix provides comprehensive benefits including Health Plans, Mental Health support, a 401(k) Retirement Plan with employer match, Stock Option Program, Disability Programs, Health Savings and Flexible Spending Accounts, Family-forming benefits, and Life and Serious Injury Benefits. We also offer paid leave of absence programs. Full-time hourly employees accrue 35 days annually for paid time off to be used for vacation, holidays, and sick paid time off. Full-time salaried employees are immediately entitled to flexible time off. See more details about our Benefits here. Netflix is a unique culture and environment. Learn more here. Inclusion is a Netflix value and we strive to host a meaningful interview experience for all candidates. If you want an accommodation/adjustment for a disability or any other reason during the hiring process, please send a request to your recruiting partner. We are an equal-opportunity employer and celebrate diversity, recognizing that diversity builds stronger teams. We approach diversity and inclusion seriously and thoughtfully. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, ancestry, national origin, caste, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, age, disability, medical condition, pregnancy, genetic makeup, marital status, or military service. Job is open for no less than 7 days and will be removed when the position is filled.47:T443,Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Dynamic, amazing people and inspiring, innovative technologies are the norm here. The people who work here have reinvented entire industries with all Apple Hardware products. The same passion for innovation that goes into our products also applies to our practices strengthening our commitment to leave the world better than we found it. Join us to help deliver the next groundbreaking Apple product. In this highly visible role, you will be at the centre of the Apple Graphics design verification effort collaborating with design, with a critical impact on getting high quality and bug-free functional products to millions of customers quickly. While working on complete formal verification for single or multiple design blocks and IPs, you will collaborate with members of the team. Please read key responsibilities below to achieve desired outcomes.48:T1b12,Job Details: Job Description: What if your next project helped power the future of technology? At Intel, you'll do more than learn, you'll contribute. You'll work side-by-side with industry leaders, gain hands-on experience on meaningful projects, and help solve real-world challenges that affect billions of people worldwide. From advanced semiconductor manufacturing to AI-powered innovations, you'll play a role in technologies that redefine how the world works, learns, and connects. What makes Intel unique is the opportunity to see the entire technology lifecycle in action. Unlike many companies where hardware, software, and manufacturing operate separately, Intel brings them together, giving you exposure to everything from research and design to advanced semiconductor manufacturing and global deployment. Whether you're tackling engineering challenges, improving operations, analyzing data, advancing next-generation technologies, or supporting global customers, you'll build valuable skills while contributing to innovations that enable a more sustainable and connected future. Bring your curiosity, make an impact, and see where your ideas can take you at Intel. What You'll Do Within Intel's Sales Management Group, you'll combine your education with immersive, applied learning to understand how Intel brings technology solutions to customers, partners, and markets around the world. Connect Intel technologies to customer and business outcomes. Support sales teams, customers, or partners with technical insights and solutions. Analyze market, customer, product, and business data. Contribute to solution selling, sales enablement, and technical messaging. Build skills across hardware, software, systems, AI, and customer engagement. Throughout your internship, you will collaborate with colleagues and global partners, contribute to impactful projects, and gain exposure to how Intel drives business impact across industries. Where Your Career Could Take You Opportunities you may be considered for include: Technical Sales Sales Engineering Solution Architecture Cloud, AI, Systems, and Platform Solutions Build business, technical, analytical, and communication skills while exploring career paths across sales, marketing, strategy, operations, customer engagement, and technology solutions. Qualifications: Qualifications Must possess the minimum qualifications below to be initially considered for this position. Experience may be gained through coursework, research, academic projects, internships, laboratory work, student organizations, leadership experiences, or other relevant experiences. Minimum Qualifications Currently enrolled in a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Data Science/Analytics, Information Systems, Engineering, or a related technical discipline. 3+ months of relevant educational, industry, project, internship, student organization, or leadership experience. Preferred Qualifications GPA of 3.0 or higher preferred. Experience in customer needs analysis, market intelligence, sales enablement, CRM tools, product knowledge, or marketing technologies. Demonstrated communication, collaboration, project management, analytical thinking, and ability to contribute in a fast-paced team environment. Experience in technology, customer impact, business strategy, and translating insights into measurable outcomes. Location & Immigration Information As you consider the opportunity to join Intel, relocation assistance may be available based on eligibility, current location, and the specifics of the role. Job location and modality of work will be communicated at time of offer. This position is not available in the state of Colorado. This position is not eligible for employment-based visa/immigration sponsorship. Intel sponsors individuals for employment-based visas for positions where we experience a shortage of U.S. workers. These skills shortage roles are typically STEM positions requiring a Master's or PhD degree, or a Bachelor's degree with at least three years of post-degree related job experience. This position does not qualify for Intel sponsorship because it is either a non-STEM position, or a STEM position that only requires a Bachelor's degree and less than three years' experience. For information on Intel's immigration sponsorship guidelines, please see: https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/jobs/hiring.html Additional Information This application is for internship starts in Spring and Summer 2027, with consideration also given to candidates interested in year-long internship or co-op opportunities. You must be available to start work during this time frame. Life at Intel Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, California, Santa Clara Additional Locations: US, Arizona, Phoenix, US, California, Folsom, US, Oregon, Hillsboro Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $67,498.00-67,502.00 USD (Hourly Role) The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will be eligible for our hybrid work model which allows employees to split their time between working on-site at their assigned Intel site and off-site. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process49:T1afa,Job Details: Job Description: What if your next project helped power the future of technology? At Intel, you'll do more than learn, you'll contribute. You'll work side-by-side with industry leaders, gain hands-on experience on meaningful projects, and help solve real-world challenges that affect billions of people worldwide. From advanced semiconductor manufacturing to AI-powered innovations, you'll play a role in technologies that redefine how the world works, learns, and connects. What makes Intel unique is the opportunity to see the entire technology lifecycle in action. Unlike many companies where hardware, software, and manufacturing operate separately, Intel brings them together, giving you exposure to everything from research and design to advanced semiconductor manufacturing and global deployment. Whether you're tackling engineering challenges, improving operations, analyzing data, advancing next-generation technologies, or supporting global customers, you'll build valuable skills while contributing to innovations that enable a more sustainable and connected future. Bring your curiosity, make an impact, and see where your ideas can take you at Intel. What You'll Do Within Intel's Sales Management Group, you'll combine your education with immersive, applied learning to understand how Intel brings technology solutions to customers, partners, and markets around the world. Connect Intel technologies to customer and business outcomes. Support sales teams, customers, or partners with technical insights and solutions. Analyze market, customer, product, and business data. Contribute to solution selling, sales enablement, and technical messaging. Build skills across hardware, software, systems, AI, and customer engagement. Throughout your internship, you will collaborate with colleagues and global partners, contribute to impactful projects, and gain exposure to how Intel drives business impact across industries. Where Your Career Could Take You Opportunities you may be considered for include: Technical Sales Sales Engineering Solution Architecture Cloud, AI, Systems, and Platform Solutions Build business, technical, analytical, and communication skills while exploring career paths across sales, marketing, strategy, operations, customer engagement, and technology solutions. Qualifications: Must possess the minimum qualifications below to be initially considered for this position. Experience may be gained through coursework, research, academic projects, internships, laboratory work, student organizations, leadership experiences, or other relevant experiences. Minimum Qualifications Currently enrolled in a Master’s degree or PhD in Computer Science, Data Science/Analytics, Information Systems, Engineering, or a related technical discipline. 6+ months of relevant educational, industry, project, internship, student organization, or leadership experience. Preferred Qualifications GPA of 3.0 or higher preferred. Experience in customer needs analysis, market intelligence, sales enablement, CRM tools, product knowledge, or marketing technologies. Demonstrated communication, collaboration, project management, analytical thinking, and ability to contribute in a fast-paced team environment. Experience in technology, customer impact, business strategy, and translating insights into measurable outcomes. Location & Immigration Information As you consider the opportunity to join Intel, relocation assistance may be available based on eligibility, current location, and the specifics of the role. Job location and modality of work will be communicated at time of offer. This position is not available in the state of Colorado. This position is not eligible for employment-based visa/immigration sponsorship. Intel sponsors individuals for employment-based visas for positions where we experience a shortage of U.S. workers. These skills shortage roles are typically STEM positions requiring a Master's or PhD degree, or a Bachelor's degree with at least three years of post-degree related job experience. This position does not qualify for Intel sponsorship because it is either a non-STEM position, or a STEM position that only requires a Bachelor's degree and less than three years' experience. For information on Intel's immigration sponsorship guidelines, please see: https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/jobs/hiring.html Additional Information This application is for internship starts in Spring and Summer 2027, with consideration also given to candidates interested in year-long internship or co-op opportunities. You must be available to start work during this time frame. Life at Intel Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, California, Santa Clara Additional Locations: US, Arizona, Phoenix, US, California, Folsom, US, Oregon, Hillsboro Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $81,098.00-81,102.00 USD The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will be eligible for our hybrid work model which allows employees to split their time between working on-site at their assigned Intel site and off-site. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process4a:T1c3f,Job Details: Job Description: What if your next project helped power the future of technology? At Intel, you'll do more than learn, you'll contribute. You’ll work side-by-side with industry leaders, gain hands-on experience on meaningful projects, and help solve real-world challenges that affect billions of people worldwide. From advanced semiconductor manufacturing to AI-powered innovations, you'll play a role in technologies that redefine how the world works, learns, and connects. What makes Intel unique is the opportunity to see the entire technology lifecycle in action. Unlike many companies where hardware, software, and manufacturing operate separately, Intel brings them together, giving you exposure to everything from research and design to advanced semiconductor manufacturing and global deployment. Whether you're tackling engineering challenges, improving operations, analyzing data, advancing next-generation technologies, or supporting global customers, you'll build valuable skills while contributing to innovations that enable a more sustainable and connected future. Bring your curiosity, make an impact, and see where your ideas can take you at Intel. What You'll Do Within Intel's sales and marketing groups, you'll combine your education with immersive, applied learning to understand how Intel brings technology solutions to customers, partners, and markets around the world. Support marketing communications, sales strategy, brand positioning, customer engagement, or business operations. Analyze market, customer, campaign, or sales data to identify insights.. Contribute to programs that help Intel connect technology solutions to business and customer needs. Collaborate with global partners and cross-functional teams. Build skills in communication, business strategy, project management, and data-informed decision making. Throughout your internship, you will collaborate with colleagues and global partners, contribute to impactful projects, and gain exposure to how Intel drives business impact across industries. Where Your Career Could Take You Opportunities you may be considered for include: Sales, Sales Enablement & Account Management Partner Sales & Ecosystem Management Marketing, Events & Brand Strategy Customer Experience & Market Insights Build business, technical, analytical, and communication skills while exploring career paths across sales, marketing, strategy, operations, customer engagement, and technology solutions. Qualifications: Must possess the minimum qualifications below to be initially considered for this position. Experience may be gained through coursework, research, academic projects, internships, laboratory work, student organizations, leadership experiences, or other relevant experiences. Minimum Qualifications Currently enrolled in a Bachelor’s degree in Business, Economics, Finance, Communications, Journalism, Marketing, Digital/Social, Advertising, or a related discipline. 3+ months of relevant educational, industry, project, internship, student organization, or leadership experience. Preferred Qualifications GPA of 3.0 or higher preferred. Experience or interest in customer needs analysis, market intelligence, Power BI or similar data visualization tools, sales enablement, CRM tools, marketing technologies, product knowledge, industry and engineering concepts, and emerging technologies such as AI and agentic AI. Demonstrated communication, collaboration, project management, analytical thinking, and ability to contribute in a fast-paced team environment. Interest in technology, customer impact, business strategy, and translating insights into measurable outcomes. Location & Immigration Information As you consider the opportunity to join Intel, relocation assistance may be available based on eligibility, current location, and the specifics of the role. Job location and modality of work will be communicated at time of offer. This position is not available in the state of Colorado. This position is not eligible for employment-based visa/immigration sponsorship. Intel sponsors individuals for employment-based visas for positions where we experience a shortage of U.S. workers. These skills shortage roles are typically STEM positions requiring a Master's or PhD degree, or a Bachelor's degree with at least three years of post-degree related job experience. This position does not qualify for Intel sponsorship because it is either a non-STEM position, or a STEM position that only requires a Bachelor's degree and less than three years' experience. For information on Intel's immigration sponsorship guidelines, please see: https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/jobs/hiring.html Additional Information This application is for internship starts in Spring and Summer 2027, with consideration also given to candidates interested in year-long internship or co-op opportunities. You must be available to start work during this time frame. Life at Intel Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, California, Santa Clara Additional Locations: US, Arizona, Phoenix, US, California, Folsom, US, Oregon, Hillsboro Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $67,498.00-67,502.00 USD (Hourly Role) The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will be eligible for our hybrid work model which allows employees to split their time between working on-site at their assigned Intel site and off-site. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process4b:T1c38,Job Details: Job Description: What if your next project helped power the future of technology? At Intel, you'll do more than learn, you'll contribute. You’ll work side-by-side with industry leaders, gain hands-on experience on meaningful projects, and help solve real-world challenges that affect billions of people worldwide. From advanced semiconductor manufacturing to AI-powered innovations, you'll play a role in technologies that redefine how the world works, learns, and connects. What makes Intel unique is the opportunity to see the entire technology lifecycle in action. Unlike many companies where hardware, software, and manufacturing operate separately, Intel brings them together, giving you exposure to everything from research and design to advanced semiconductor manufacturing and global deployment. Whether you're tackling engineering challenges, improving operations, analyzing data, advancing next-generation technologies, or supporting global customers, you'll build valuable skills while contributing to innovations that enable a more sustainable and connected future. Bring your curiosity, make an impact, and see where your ideas can take you at Intel. What You'll Do Within Intel's sales and marketing groups, you'll combine your education with immersive, applied learning to understand how Intel brings technology solutions to customers, partners, and markets around the world. Support marketing communications, sales strategy, brand positioning, customer engagement, or business operations. Analyze market, customer, campaign, or sales data to identify insights.. Contribute to programs that help Intel connect technology solutions to business and customer needs. Collaborate with global partners and cross-functional teams. Build skills in communication, business strategy, project management, and data-informed decision making. Throughout your internship, you will collaborate with colleagues and global partners, contribute to impactful projects, and gain exposure to how Intel drives business impact across industries. Where Your Career Could Take You Opportunities you may be considered for include: Sales, Sales Enablement & Account Management Partner Sales & Ecosystem Management Marketing, Events & Brand Strategy Customer Experience & Market Insights Build business, technical, analytical, and communication skills while exploring career paths across sales, marketing, strategy, operations, customer engagement, and technology solutions. Qualifications: Must possess the minimum qualifications below to be initially considered for this position. Experience may be gained through coursework, research, academic projects, internships, laboratory work, student organizations, leadership experiences, or other relevant experiences. Minimum Qualifications Currently enrolled in a Master’s degree or PhD in Business, Economics, Finance, Communications, Journalism, Marketing, Digital/Social, Advertising, or a related discipline. 6+ months of relevant educational, industry, project, internship, student organization, or leadership experience. Preferred Qualifications GPA of 3.0 or higher preferred. Experience or interest in customer needs analysis, market intelligence, Power BI or similar data visualization tools, sales enablement, CRM tools, marketing technologies, product knowledge, industry and engineering concepts, and emerging technologies such as AI and agentic AI. Demonstrated communication, collaboration, project management, analytical thinking, and ability to contribute in a fast-paced team environment. Experience in technology, customer impact, business strategy, and translating insights into measurable outcomes. Location & Immigration Information As you consider the opportunity to join Intel, relocation assistance may be available based on eligibility, current location, and the specifics of the role. Job location and modality of work will be communicated at time of offer. This position is not available in the state of Colorado. This position is not eligible for employment-based visa/immigration sponsorship. Intel sponsors individuals for employment-based visas for positions where we experience a shortage of U.S. workers. These skills shortage roles are typically STEM positions requiring a Master's or PhD degree, or a Bachelor's degree with at least three years of post-degree related job experience. This position does not qualify for Intel sponsorship because it is either a non-STEM position, or a STEM position that only requires a Bachelor's degree and less than three years' experience. For information on Intel's immigration sponsorship guidelines, please see: https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/jobs/hiring.html Additional Information This application is for internship starts in Spring and Summer 2027, with consideration also given to candidates interested in year-long internship or co-op opportunities. You must be available to start work during this time frame. Life at Intel Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, California, Santa Clara Additional Locations: US, Arizona, Phoenix, US, California, Folsom, US, Oregon, Hillsboro Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $81,098.00-81,102.00 USD The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will be eligible for our hybrid work model which allows employees to split their time between working on-site at their assigned Intel site and off-site. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process4c:T1bcb,Job Details: Job Description: What if your next project helped power the future of technology? At Intel, you'll do more than learn, you'll contribute. You'll work side-by-side with industry leaders, gain hands-on experience on meaningful projects, and help solve real-world challenges that affect billions of people worldwide. From advanced semiconductor manufacturing to AI-powered innovations, you'll play a role in technologies that redefine how the world works, learns, and connects. What makes Intel unique is the opportunity to see the entire technology lifecycle in action. Unlike many companies where hardware, software, and manufacturing operate separately, Intel brings them together, giving you exposure to everything from research and design to advanced semiconductor manufacturing and global deployment. Whether you're tackling engineering challenges, improving operations, analyzing data, advancing next-generation technologies, or supporting global customers, you'll build valuable skills while contributing to innovations that enable a more sustainable and connected future. Bring your curiosity, make an impact, and see where your ideas can take you at Intel. What You'll Do You'll gain hands-on experience supporting Intel's advanced semiconductor manufacturing operations while working with experienced engineers and operations teams. Develop and optimize semiconductor manufacturing processes. Analyze data to improve yield, quality, reliability, and factory performance. Work with advanced semiconductor equipment and fabrication technologies. Apply statistics, data analytics, and failure analysis to solve engineering challenges. Support process control, quality assurance, and continuous improvement initiatives. Contribute to safe, sustainable, and high-performing manufacturing operations. Through these experiences, you will strengthen technical expertise in manufacturing, process optimization, data analytics, quality systems, and problem solving. Where Your Career Could Take You By applying to this requisition, you may be considered for future opportunities such as: Industrial Engineer Manufacturing Operations Manager Module Engineer Process Integration Engineer Repair Development Engineer Gain experiences that can open doors to future opportunities in semiconductor manufacturing, process development, factory automation, yield improvement, quality engineering, and operations leadership. Qualifications: Must possess the minimum qualifications below to be initially considered for this position. Experience may be gained through coursework, research, academic projects, internships, laboratory work, student organizations, leadership experiences, or other relevant experiences. Minimum Qualifications Currently pursuing a Bachelor’s degree in Chemical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Materials Science, Microelectronics Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Chemistry, Physics, Computer Science, Data Science, Mathematics, or related STEM field. 3+ months of experience gained through coursework, projects, research, internships, lab work, student organizations, or industry experience. Preferred Qualifications Strong academic performance with a cumulative GPA of 3.0 or higher preferred. Experience with programming, data analysis, modeling, simulation, automation, or visualization tools such as Python, MATLAB, SQL, JMP, R, or similar. Coursework, research, academic projects, or internship experience related to semiconductor technology, advanced manufacturing, process development, engineering, materials science, or data analytics. Demonstrated analytical problem solving, teamwork, communication, and ability to share technical findings. Location & Immigration Information As you consider the opportunity to join Intel, relocation assistance may be available based on eligibility, current location, and the specifics of the role. Job location and modality of work will be communicated at time of offer. This position is not available in the state of Colorado. This position is not eligible for employment-based visa/immigration sponsorship. Intel sponsors individuals for employment-based visas for positions where we experience a shortage of U.S. workers. These skills shortage roles are typically STEM positions requiring a Master's or PhD degree, or a Bachelor's degree with at least three years of post-degree related job experience. This position does not qualify for Intel sponsorship because it is either a non-STEM position, or a STEM position that only requires a Bachelor's degree and less than three years' experience. For information on Intel's immigration sponsorship guidelines, please see: https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/jobs/hiring.html Additional Information This application is for internship starts in Spring and Summer 2027, with consideration also given to candidates interested in year-long internship or co-op opportunities. You must be available to start work during this time frame. Life at Intel Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, Oregon, Hillsboro Additional Locations: US, Arizona, Phoenix, US, New Mexico, Albuquerque Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $76,398.00-76,402.00 USD (Hourly Role) The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will require an on-site presence. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process4d:T1b27,Job Details: Job Description: What if your next project helped power the future of technology? At Intel, you'll do more than learn, you'll contribute. You'll work side-by-side with industry leaders, gain hands-on experience on meaningful projects, and help solve real-world challenges that affect billions of people worldwide. From advanced semiconductor manufacturing to AI-powered innovations, you'll play a role in technologies that redefine how the world works, learns, and connects. What makes Intel unique is the opportunity to see the entire technology lifecycle in action. Unlike many companies where hardware, software, and manufacturing operate separately, Intel brings them together, giving you exposure to everything from research and design to advanced semiconductor manufacturing and global deployment. Whether you're tackling engineering challenges, improving operations, analyzing data, advancing next-generation technologies, or supporting global customers, you'll build valuable skills while contributing to innovations that enable a more sustainable and connected future. Bring your curiosity, make an impact, and see where your ideas can take you at Intel. What You'll Do Develop semiconductor technologies that power AI, high-performance computing, and advanced devices by applying graduate-level technical expertise to manufacturing and process challenges. Advance semiconductor processes, technologies, and manufacturing solutions. Leverage analytics, modeling, simulation, and experimentation to solve complex engineering challenges. Improve yield, quality, reliability, and performance through data-driven insights. Partner across engineering and technology teams to accelerate next-generation semiconductor innovations. Enable safe, sustainable, efficient manufacturing operations. Build expertise in semiconductor technology, analytics, experimentation, and advanced problem solving at manufacturing scale. Where Your Career Could Take You Future opportunities may include: Manufacturing Operations Manager Manufacturing Systems Development Engineer Module Engineer Module Development Engineer Process Integration and Yield Engineer Semiconductor Manufacturing Engineer Yield Development Engineer Explore career paths in process and technology development, advanced manufacturing, yield engineering, factory automation, and technical leadership. Qualifications: Must possess the minimum qualifications below to be initially considered for this position. Experience may be gained through coursework, research, academic projects, internships, laboratory work, student organizations, leadership experiences, or other relevant experiences. Minimum Qualifications Currently pursuing a Master’s degree or PhD in Chemical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Materials Science, Microelectronics Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Chemistry, Physics, or a related STEM field. 3+ months of educational, research, laboratory, internship, or industry experience. Preferred Qualifications Strong academic performance with a cumulative GPA of 3.0 or higher preferred. Experience with programming, analytics, modeling, simulation, automation, visualization tools, or design of experiments. Research, coursework, laboratory work, academic projects, internships, or other relevant technical experiences in semiconductor technology, advanced manufacturing, process development, materials science, chemistry, physics, or related technical fields. Ability to communicate technical findings and collaborate across project teams. Location & Immigration Information As you consider the opportunity to join Intel, relocation assistance may be available based on eligibility, current location, and the specifics of the role. Job location and modality of work will be communicated at time of offer. This position is not available in the state of Colorado. This position is not eligible for employment-based visa/immigration sponsorship. Intel sponsors individuals for employment-based visas for positions where we experience a shortage of U.S. workers. These skills shortage roles are typically STEM positions requiring a Master's or PhD degree, or a Bachelor's degree with at least three years of post-degree related job experience. This position does not qualify for Intel sponsorship because it is either a non-STEM position, or a STEM position that only requires a Bachelor's degree and less than three years' experience. For information on Intel's immigration sponsorship guidelines, please see: https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/jobs/hiring.html Additional Information This application is for internship starts in Spring and Summer 2027, with consideration also given to candidates interested in year-long internship or co-op opportunities. You must be available to start work during this time frame. Life at Intel Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, Oregon, Hillsboro Additional Locations: US, Arizona, Phoenix, US, New Mexico, Albuquerque Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $89,098.00-89,102.00 USD The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will require an on-site presence. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process4e:T1b7f,Job Details: Job Description: What if your next project helped power the future of technology? At Intel, you'll do more than learn, you'll contribute. You'll work side-by-side with industry leaders, gain hands-on experience on meaningful projects, and help solve real-world challenges that affect billions of people worldwide. From advanced semiconductor manufacturing to AI-powered innovations, you'll play a role in technologies that redefine how the world works, learns, and connects. What makes Intel unique is the opportunity to see the entire technology lifecycle in action. Unlike many companies where hardware, software, and manufacturing operate separately, Intel brings them together, giving you exposure to everything from research and design to advanced semiconductor manufacturing and global deployment. Whether you're tackling engineering challenges, improving operations, analyzing data, advancing next-generation technologies, or supporting global customers, you'll build valuable skills while contributing to innovations that enable a more sustainable and connected future. Bring your curiosity, make an impact, and see where your ideas can take you at Intel. What You'll Do Help enable the technologies that power AI, computing, and connectivity. As a Facilities Services Intern, you'll support the critical infrastructure behind Intel's semiconductor manufacturing operations. Support engineering projects and continuous improvement initiatives. Analyze system and equipment performance to identify improvement opportunities. Assist with troubleshooting, root-cause analysis, and technical problem solving. Contribute to the safe, reliable, and sustainable operation of critical facility systems. Partner with cross-functional teams to solve real-world engineering challenges. Gain exposure to facilities engineering, instrumentation and controls, chemical management, water treatment, environmental health and safety, and manufacturing infrastructure. Where Your Career Could Take You Potential career paths may include: Facilities Chemical/Gas Systems Engineer Facilities Electrical Engineer Facilities Engineer Facilities Instrumentation & Controls Engineer Facilities Mechanical Engineer Facilities Water/Waste Treatment Engineer Environmental Health & Safety Engineer Facilities Operations Engineer Build expertise in sustainability, advanced manufacturing, infrastructure systems, and operational excellence while helping enable technologies that power the future. Qualifications: Must possess the minimum qualifications below to be initially considered for this position. Experience may be gained through coursework, research, academic projects, internships, laboratory work, student organizations, leadership experiences, or other relevant experiences. Minimum Qualifications Currently pursuing a Bachelor’s degree in Mechanical, Electrical, Chemical, Instrumentation and Controls, Microelectronics, Renewable Energy Technology, Environmental Technology, Water/Purification Engineering, or a related STEM field. 3+ months of engineering, research, analytical, technical, educational, or industry experience. Preferred Qualifications GPA of 3.0 or higher preferred. Exposure to engineering design, laboratory environments, equipment systems, modeling, simulation, data analysis, or technical problem solving. Interest in facilities systems, sustainability, advanced manufacturing, infrastructure operations, automation, or environmental health and safety. Demonstrated teamwork, communication, leadership, and passion for solving complex engineering challenges. Location & Immigration Information As you consider the opportunity to join Intel, relocation assistance may be available based on eligibility, current location, and the specifics of the role. Job location and modality of work will be communicated at time of offer. This position is not available in the state of Colorado. This position is not eligible for employment-based visa/immigration sponsorship. Intel sponsors individuals for employment-based visas for positions where we experience a shortage of U.S. workers. These skills shortage roles are typically STEM positions requiring a Master's or PhD degree, or a Bachelor's degree with at least three years of post-degree related job experience. This position does not qualify for Intel sponsorship because it is either a non-STEM position, or a STEM position that only requires a Bachelor's degree and less than three years' experience. For information on Intel's immigration sponsorship guidelines, please see: https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/jobs/hiring.html Additional Information This application is for internship starts in Spring and Summer 2027, with consideration also given to candidates interested in year-long internship or co-op opportunities. You must be available to start work during this time frame. Life at Intel Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, Oregon, Hillsboro Additional Locations: US, Arizona, Phoenix, US, California, Folsom, US, California, Santa Clara Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $76,398.00-76,402.00 USD (Hourly Role) The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will require an on-site presence. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process4f:T1b5d,Job Details: Job Description: What if your next project helped power the future of technology? At Intel, you'll do more than learn, you'll contribute. You'll work side-by-side with industry leaders, gain hands-on experience on meaningful projects, and help solve real-world challenges that affect billions of people worldwide. From advanced semiconductor manufacturing to AI-powered innovations, you'll play a role in technologies that redefine how the world works, learns, and connects. What makes Intel unique is the opportunity to see the entire technology lifecycle in action. Unlike many companies where hardware, software, and manufacturing operate separately, Intel brings them together, giving you exposure to everything from research and design to advanced semiconductor manufacturing and global deployment. Whether you're tackling engineering challenges, improving operations, analyzing data, advancing next-generation technologies, or supporting global customers, you'll build valuable skills while contributing to innovations that enable a more sustainable and connected future. Bring your curiosity, make an impact, and see where your ideas can take you at Intel. What You'll Do Build technologies that power the future of computing. As a Platform Hardware and Systems Engineering Intern, you'll work on meaningful projects while building technical expertise that accelerates your professional growth. Hardware and systems architecture, design, and integration. Platform validation, debug, and performance optimization. Power, thermal, and signal integrity engineering. Programming, automation, and AI-enabled solutions. Cross-functional work that advances platform capabilities. Develop technical depth, tackle complex challenges, and contribute from day one while learning alongside experienced Intel engineers and technical leaders. Where Your Career Could Take You Potential opportunity areas include: Hardware Design Engineer Systems Engineering & Architecture roles Platform Validation Engineer Power & Signal Integrity Engineer GPU Platform Hardware Design Engineer Silicon & Packaging Engineer Emerging Technologies & Research roles Build technical expertise, explore new possibilities, and help shape what is next in computing and semiconductor technology. Qualifications: Must possess the minimum qualifications below to be initially considered for this position. Experience may be gained through coursework, research, academic projects, internships, laboratory work, student organizations, leadership experiences, or other relevant experiences. Minimum Qualifications Currently pursuing a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Data Science, Electrical Engineering, Chemical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Materials Science, Chemistry, Mathematics, Physics, or a related STEM field. 3+ months of experience gained through coursework, academic projects, research, internships, co-ops, student organizations, assistantships, or other relevant technical experiences. Preferred Qualifications GPA of 3.0 or higher preferred. Experience or interest in design, architecture, programming, scripting, data analysis, automation, modeling, simulation, validation, or debugging. Hands-on coursework, research, projects, or internship experience related to the role family. Strong problem-solving, communication, collaboration, and ability to work in team-based environments. Location & Immigration Information As you consider the opportunity to join Intel, relocation assistance may be available based on eligibility, current location, and the specifics of the role. Job location and modality of work will be communicated at time of offer. This position is not available in the state of Colorado. This position is not eligible for employment-based visa/immigration sponsorship. Intel sponsors individuals for employment-based visas for positions where we experience a shortage of U.S. workers. These skills shortage roles are typically STEM positions requiring a Master's or PhD degree, or a Bachelor's degree with at least three years of post-degree related job experience. This position does not qualify for Intel sponsorship because it is either a non-STEM position, or a STEM position that only requires a Bachelor's degree and less than three years' experience. For information on Intel's immigration sponsorship guidelines, please see: https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/jobs/hiring.html Additional Information This application is for internship starts in Spring and Summer 2027, with consideration also given to candidates interested in year-long internship or co-op opportunities. You must be available to start work during this time frame. Life at Intel Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, Oregon, Hillsboro Additional Locations: US, Arizona, Phoenix, US, California, Folsom, US, California, Santa Clara, US, Texas, Austin Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $91,198.00-91,202.00 USD (Hourly Role) The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will be eligible for our hybrid work model which allows employees to split their time between working on-site at their assigned Intel site and off-site. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process50:T1b56,Job Details: Job Description: What if your next project helped power the future of technology? At Intel, you'll do more than learn, you'll contribute. You'll work side-by-side with industry leaders, gain hands-on experience on meaningful projects, and help solve real-world challenges that affect billions of people worldwide. From advanced semiconductor manufacturing to AI-powered innovations, you'll play a role in technologies that redefine how the world works, learns, and connects. What makes Intel unique is the opportunity to see the entire technology lifecycle in action. Unlike many companies where hardware, software, and manufacturing operate separately, Intel brings them together, giving you exposure to everything from research and design to advanced semiconductor manufacturing and global deployment. Whether you're tackling engineering challenges, improving operations, analyzing data, advancing next-generation technologies, or supporting global customers, you'll build valuable skills while contributing to innovations that enable a more sustainable and connected future. Bring your curiosity, make an impact, and see where your ideas can take you at Intel. What You'll Do Build technologies that power the future of computing. As a Platform Hardware and Systems Engineering Intern, you'll work on meaningful projects while building technical expertise that accelerates your professional growth. Hardware and systems architecture, design, and integration. Platform validation, debug, and performance optimization. Power, thermal, and signal integrity engineering. Programming, automation, and AI-enabled solutions. Cross-functional work that advances platform capabilities. Develop technical depth, tackle complex challenges, and contribute from day one while learning alongside experienced Intel engineers and technical leaders. Where Your Career Could Take You Potential opportunity areas include: Hardware Design Engineer Systems Engineering & Architecture roles Platform Validation Engineer Power & Signal Integrity Engineer GPU Platform Hardware Design Engineer Silicon & Packaging Engineer Emerging Technologies & Research roles Build technical expertise, explore new possibilities, and help shape what is next in computing and semiconductor technology. Qualifications: Must possess the minimum qualifications below to be initially considered for this position. Experience may be gained through coursework, research, academic projects, internships, laboratory work, student organizations, leadership experiences, or other relevant experiences. Minimum Qualifications Currently pursuing a Master’s degree or PhD in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Data Science, Electrical Engineering, Chemical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Materials Science, Chemistry, Mathematics, Physics, or a related STEM field. 3+ months of experience gained through coursework, academic projects, research, internships, co-ops, student organizations, assistantships, or other relevant technical experiences. Preferred Qualifications GPA of 3.0 or higher preferred. Experience or interest in design, architecture, programming, scripting, data analysis, automation, modeling, simulation, validation, or debugging. Hands-on coursework, research, projects, or internship experience related to the role family. Strong problem-solving, communication, collaboration, and ability to work in team-based environments. Location & Immigration Information As you consider the opportunity to join Intel, relocation assistance may be available based on eligibility, current location, and the specifics of the role. Job location and modality of work will be communicated at time of offer. This position is not available in the state of Colorado. This position is not eligible for employment-based visa/immigration sponsorship. Intel sponsors individuals for employment-based visas for positions where we experience a shortage of U.S. workers. These skills shortage roles are typically STEM positions requiring a Master's or PhD degree, or a Bachelor's degree with at least three years of post-degree related job experience. This position does not qualify for Intel sponsorship because it is either a non-STEM position, or a STEM position that only requires a Bachelor's degree and less than three years' experience. For information on Intel's immigration sponsorship guidelines, please see: https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/jobs/hiring.html Additional Information This application is for internship starts in Spring and Summer 2027, with consideration also given to candidates interested in year-long internship or co-op opportunities. You must be available to start work during this time frame. Life at Intel Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, Oregon, Hillsboro Additional Locations: US, Arizona, Phoenix, US, California, Folsom, US, California, Santa Clara, US, Texas, Austin Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $105,698.00-105,702.00 USD The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will be eligible for our hybrid work model which allows employees to split their time between working on-site at their assigned Intel site and off-site. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process51:T1b31,Job Details: Job Description: What if your next project helped power the future of technology? At Intel, you'll do more than learn, you'll contribute. You’ll work side-by-side with industry leaders, gain hands-on experience on meaningful projects, and help solve real-world challenges that affect billions of people worldwide. From advanced semiconductor manufacturing to AI-powered innovations, you'll play a role in technologies that redefine how the world works, learns, and connects. What makes Intel unique is the opportunity to see the entire technology lifecycle in action. Unlike many companies where hardware, software, and manufacturing operate separately, Intel brings them together, giving you exposure to everything from research and design to advanced semiconductor manufacturing and global deployment. Whether you're tackling engineering challenges, improving operations, analyzing data, advancing next-generation technologies, or supporting global customers, you'll build valuable skills while contributing to innovations that enable a more sustainable and connected future. Bring your curiosity, make an impact, and see where your ideas can take you at Intel. What You'll Do Build technologies that power the future of computing. As a Silicon Hardware Engineering Intern, you'll work on meaningful projects while building technical expertise that accelerates your professional growth. Silicon architecture, circuit design, logic, layout, physical design, verification, validation, and debug. Design, build, test, and analyze technologies at the core of Intel processors and platforms. Use scripting, data analysis, and hardware validation methods to solve technical problems. Collaborate across silicon, product, and manufacturing teams. Contribute to innovations in processors, GPUs, SoCs, photonics, and validation systems. Develop technical depth, tackle complex challenges, and contribute from day one while learning alongside experienced Intel engineers and technical leaders. Where Your Career Could Take You Potential opportunity areas include: Analog Circuit Design Engineer CPU/GPU Design Verification Engineer GPU Physical Design Engineer DFT Design Engineer Formal Verification Engineer Product Development Engineer Product Failure Analysis Engineer Silicon Product Architect SoC Logic Design Engineer Build technical expertise, explore new possibilities, and help shape what is next in computing and semiconductor technology. Qualifications: Must possess the minimum qualifications below to be initially considered for this position. Experience may be gained through coursework, research, academic projects, internships, laboratory work, student organizations, leadership experiences, or other relevant experiences. Minimum Qualifications Currently pursuing a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Physics, or a related STEM field. 3+ months of experience gained through coursework, academic projects, research, internships, co-ops, student organizations, assistantships, or other relevant technical experiences. Preferred Qualifications GPA of 3.0 or higher preferred. Experience or interest in design, architecture, programming, scripting, data analysis, automation, modeling, simulation, validation, or debugging. Hands-on coursework, research, projects, or internship experience related to the role family. Strong problem-solving, communication, collaboration, and ability to work in team-based environments. Location & Immigration Information As you consider the opportunity to join Intel, relocation assistance may be available based on eligibility, current location, and the specifics of the role. Job location and modality of work will be communicated at time of offer. This position is not available in the state of Colorado. This position is not eligible for employment-based visa/immigration sponsorship. Intel sponsors individuals for employment-based visas for positions where we experience a shortage of U.S. workers. These skills shortage roles are typically STEM positions requiring a Master's or PhD degree, or a Bachelor's degree with at least three years of post-degree related job experience. This position does not qualify for Intel sponsorship because it is either a non-STEM position, or a STEM position that only requires a Bachelor's degree and less than three years' experience. For information on Intel's immigration sponsorship guidelines, please see: https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/jobs/hiring.html Additional Information This application is for internship starts in Spring and Summer 2027, with consideration also given to candidates interested in year-long internship or co-op opportunities. You must be available to start work during this time frame. Life at Intel Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, Oregon, Hillsboro Additional Locations: US, Arizona, Phoenix, US, California, Folsom, US, California, Santa Clara, US, Texas, Austin Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $91,198.00-91,202.00 USD (Hourly Role) The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will require an on-site presence. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process52:T1b28,Job Details: Job Description: What if your next project helped power the future of technology? At Intel, you'll do more than learn, you'll contribute. You'll work side-by-side with industry leaders, gain hands-on experience on meaningful projects, and help solve real-world challenges that affect billions of people worldwide. From advanced semiconductor manufacturing to AI-powered innovations, you'll play a role in technologies that redefine how the world works, learns, and connects. What makes Intel unique is the opportunity to see the entire technology lifecycle in action. Unlike many companies where hardware, software, and manufacturing operate separately, Intel brings them together, giving you exposure to everything from research and design to advanced semiconductor manufacturing and global deployment. Whether you're tackling engineering challenges, improving operations, analyzing data, advancing next-generation technologies, or supporting global customers, you'll build valuable skills while contributing to innovations that enable a more sustainable and connected future. Bring your curiosity, make an impact, and see where your ideas can take you at Intel. What You'll Do Build technologies that power the future of computing. As a Silicon Hardware Engineering Intern, you'll work on meaningful projects while building technical expertise that accelerates your professional growth. Silicon architecture, circuit design, logic, layout, physical design, verification, validation, and debug. Design, build, test, and analyze technologies at the core of Intel processors and platforms. Use scripting, data analysis, and hardware validation methods to solve technical problems. Collaborate across silicon, product, and manufacturing teams. Contribute to innovations in processors, GPUs, SoCs, photonics, and validation systems. Develop technical depth, tackle complex challenges, and contribute from day one while learning alongside experienced Intel engineers and technical leaders. Where Your Career Could Take You Potential opportunity areas include: Analog Circuit Design Engineer CPU/GPU Design Verification Engineer GPU Physical Design Engineer DFT Design Engineer Formal Verification Engineer Product Development Engineer Product Failure Analysis Engineer Silicon Product Architect SoC Logic Design Engineer Build technical expertise, explore new possibilities, and help shape what is next in computing and semiconductor technology. Qualifications: Must possess the minimum qualifications below to be initially considered for this position. Experience may be gained through coursework, research, academic projects, internships, laboratory work, student organizations, leadership experiences, or other relevant experiences. Minimum Qualifications Currently pursuing a Master’s degree or PhD in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Physics, or a related STEM field. 3+ months of experience gained through coursework, academic projects, research, internships, co-ops, student organizations, assistantships, or other relevant technical experiences. Preferred Qualifications GPA of 3.0 or higher preferred. Experience or interest in design, architecture, programming, scripting, data analysis, automation, modeling, simulation, validation, or debugging. Hands-on coursework, research, projects, or internship experience related to the role family. Strong problem-solving, communication, collaboration, and ability to work in team-based environments. Location & Immigration Information As you consider the opportunity to join Intel, relocation assistance may be available based on eligibility, current location, and the specifics of the role. Job location and modality of work will be communicated at time of offer. This position is not available in the state of Colorado. This position is not eligible for employment-based visa/immigration sponsorship. Intel sponsors individuals for employment-based visas for positions where we experience a shortage of U.S. workers. These skills shortage roles are typically STEM positions requiring a Master's or PhD degree, or a Bachelor's degree with at least three years of post-degree related job experience. This position does not qualify for Intel sponsorship because it is either a non-STEM position, or a STEM position that only requires a Bachelor's degree and less than three years' experience. For information on Intel's immigration sponsorship guidelines, please see: https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/jobs/hiring.html Additional Information This application is for internship starts in Spring and Summer 2027, with consideration also given to candidates interested in year-long internship or co-op opportunities. You must be available to start work during this time frame. Life at Intel Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, Oregon, Hillsboro Additional Locations: US, Arizona, Phoenix, US, California, Folsom, US, California, Santa Clara, US, Texas, Austin Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $105,698.00-105,702.00 USD The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will require an on-site presence. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process53:T1b34,Job Details: Job Description: What if your next project helped power the future of technology? At Intel, you'll do more than learn, you'll contribute. You'll work side-by-side with industry leaders, gain hands-on experience on meaningful projects, and help solve real-world challenges that affect billions of people worldwide. From advanced semiconductor manufacturing to AI-powered innovations, you'll play a role in technologies that redefine how the world works, learns, and connects. What makes Intel unique is the opportunity to see the entire technology lifecycle in action. Unlike many companies where hardware, software, and manufacturing operate separately, Intel brings them together, giving you exposure to everything from research and design to advanced semiconductor manufacturing and global deployment. Whether you're tackling engineering challenges, improving operations, analyzing data, advancing next-generation technologies, or supporting global customers, you'll build valuable skills while contributing to innovations that enable a more sustainable and connected future. Bring your curiosity, make an impact, and see where your ideas can take you at Intel. What You'll Do Build technologies that power the future of computing. As a Software Engineering Intern, you'll work on meaningful projects while building technical expertise that accelerates your professional growth. Design, develop, test, debug, and improve software that enables Intel products and platforms. Support code review, high-level design, scripting, automation, and validation activities. Contribute to open, secure software platforms and tools. Apply programming, data, and systems thinking to solve real engineering challenges. Collaborate with hardware, systems, product, and software teams. Develop technical depth, tackle complex challenges, and contribute from day one while learning alongside experienced Intel engineers and technical leaders. Where Your Career Could Take You Potential opportunity areas include: AI Frameworks Engineer Cloud Software Development Engineer Firmware Development Engineer GPU Software Development Engineer Middleware Development Engineer Software Application Development Engineer Software Research Engineer/Scientist System Software Development Engineer System Software Validation Engineer Build technical expertise, explore new possibilities, and help shape what is next in computing and semiconductor technology. Qualifications: Must possess the minimum qualifications below to be initially considered for this position. Experience may be gained through coursework, research, academic projects, internships, laboratory work, student organizations, leadership experiences, or other relevant experiences. Minimum Qualifications Currently pursuing a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Data Science, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics, or a related STEM field. 3+ months of experience gained through coursework, academic projects, research, internships, co-ops, student organizations, assistantships, or other relevant technical experiences. Preferred Qualifications GPA of 3.0 or higher preferred. Experience or interest in design, architecture, programming, scripting, data analysis, automation, modeling, simulation, validation, or debugging. Hands-on coursework, research, projects, or internship experience related to the role family. Strong problem-solving, communication, collaboration, and ability to work in team-based environments. Location & Immigration Information As you consider the opportunity to join Intel, relocation assistance may be available based on eligibility, current location, and the specifics of the role. Job location and modality of work will be communicated at time of offer. This position is not available in the state of Colorado. This position is not eligible for employment-based visa/immigration sponsorship. Intel sponsors individuals for employment-based visas for positions where we experience a shortage of U.S. workers. These skills shortage roles are typically STEM positions requiring a Master's or PhD degree, or a Bachelor's degree with at least three years of post-degree related job experience. This position does not qualify for Intel sponsorship because it is either a non-STEM position, or a STEM position that only requires a Bachelor's degree and less than three years' experience. For information on Intel's immigration sponsorship guidelines, please see: https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/jobs/hiring.html Additional Information This application is for internship starts in Spring and Summer 2027, with consideration also given to candidates interested in year-long internship or co-op opportunities. You must be available to start work during this time frame. Life at Intel Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, Oregon, Hillsboro Additional Locations: US, Arizona, Phoenix, US, California, Folsom, US, California, Santa Clara, US, Texas, Austin Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $95,698.00-95,702.00 USD (Hourly Role) The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will require an on-site presence. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process54:T1b2d,Job Details: Job Description: What if your next project helped power the future of technology? At Intel, you'll do more than learn, you'll contribute. You'll work side-by-side with industry leaders, gain hands-on experience on meaningful projects, and help solve real-world challenges that affect billions of people worldwide. From advanced semiconductor manufacturing to AI-powered innovations, you'll play a role in technologies that redefine how the world works, learns, and connects. What makes Intel unique is the opportunity to see the entire technology lifecycle in action. Unlike many companies where hardware, software, and manufacturing operate separately, Intel brings them together, giving you exposure to everything from research and design to advanced semiconductor manufacturing and global deployment. Whether you're tackling engineering challenges, improving operations, analyzing data, advancing next-generation technologies, or supporting global customers, you'll build valuable skills while contributing to innovations that enable a more sustainable and connected future. Bring your curiosity, make an impact, and see where your ideas can take you at Intel. What You'll Do Build technologies that power the future of computing. As a Software Engineering Intern, you'll work on meaningful projects while building technical expertise that accelerates your professional growth. Design, develop, test, debug, and improve software that enables Intel products and platforms. Support code review, high-level design, scripting, automation, and validation activities. Contribute to open, secure software platforms and tools. Apply programming, data, and systems thinking to solve real engineering challenges. Collaborate with hardware, systems, product, and software teams. Develop technical depth, tackle complex challenges, and contribute from day one while learning alongside experienced Intel engineers and technical leaders. Where Your Career Could Take You Potential opportunity areas include: AI Frameworks Engineer Cloud Software Development Engineer Firmware Development Engineer GPU Software Development Engineer Middleware Development Engineer Software Application Development Engineer Software Research Engineer/Scientist System Software Development Engineer System Software Validation Engineer Build technical expertise, explore new possibilities, and help shape what is next in computing and semiconductor technology. Qualifications: Must possess the minimum qualifications below to be initially considered for this position. Experience may be gained through coursework, research, academic projects, internships, laboratory work, student organizations, leadership experiences, or other relevant experiences. Minimum Qualifications Currently pursuing a Master’s degree or PhD in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Data Science, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics, or a related STEM field. 3+ months of experience gained through coursework, academic projects, research, internships, co-ops, student organizations, assistantships, or other relevant technical experiences. Preferred Qualifications GPA of 3.0 or higher preferred. Experience or interest in design, architecture, programming, scripting, data analysis, automation, modeling, simulation, validation, or debugging. Hands-on coursework, research, projects, or internship experience related to the role family. Strong problem-solving, communication, collaboration, and ability to work in team-based environments. Location & Immigration Information As you consider the opportunity to join Intel, relocation assistance may be available based on eligibility, current location, and the specifics of the role. Job location and modality of work will be communicated at time of offer. This position is not available in the state of Colorado. This position is not eligible for employment-based visa/immigration sponsorship. Intel sponsors individuals for employment-based visas for positions where we experience a shortage of U.S. workers. These skills shortage roles are typically STEM positions requiring a Master's or PhD degree, or a Bachelor's degree with at least three years of post-degree related job experience. This position does not qualify for Intel sponsorship because it is either a non-STEM position, or a STEM position that only requires a Bachelor's degree and less than three years' experience. For information on Intel's immigration sponsorship guidelines, please see: https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/jobs/hiring.html Additional Information This application is for internship starts in Spring and Summer 2027, with consideration also given to candidates interested in year-long internship or co-op opportunities. You must be available to start work during this time frame. Life at Intel Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 1 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, Oregon, Hillsboro Additional Locations: US, Arizona, Phoenix, US, California, Folsom, US, California, Santa Clara, US, Texas, Austin Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $111,098.00-111,102.00 USD The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will require an on-site presence. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process55:T15de,Overview Come build community, explore your passions and do your best work at Microsoft with thousands of University interns from every corner of the world. This opportunity will allow you to bring your aspirations, talent, potential - and excitement for the journey ahead. Microsoft Research Asia (MSRA) is now poised to extend roles into Singapore and looking for talents in Foundation Model innovations (LLM, vision, multi-modality, etc.), Deep Learning and Reinforcement Learning Foundation, Industrial AI application (e.g., AI for Healthcare, Embodied AI and Robotics, etc.). As a Research Intern, you will conduct research and leads research collaborations that yield new insights, theories, analyses, data, algorithms, and/or prototypes that advance the state-of-the-art of computer science and engineering, as well as general scientific knowledge. You will formulate research problems in an area of study and initiates the design, development, execution and implementation of a research agenda to further academic knowledge and close identified gaps and provide expertise to product or business groups and may create long-term business opportunities through research outcomes, but not responsible for addressing immediate product needs or demonstrating a clear path to product. We are seeking candidates excelling in deep thinking research aspects and fast-paced entrepreneurial execution. The ideal candidates should have the ability to work with researchers and product team colleagues at Microsoft to push forward research agendas, being a team player in a collaborative and supportive environment with outstanding programming skills. We are seeking candidates with research skills and technical backgrounds. Applicants should demonstrate depth of knowledge in Natural Language Understanding, Computer Vision, Machine Learning, Algorithmic Foundations of Optimization, Data Mining or Machine Intelligence (Artificial Intelligence) as well as strong academia experience in data processing, experimentation, and modeling. Microsoft works with the world's best researchers, moving with the current of technology as it rapidly evolves. Together we share the motivation to seek innovative solutions to the world's toughest challenges and improve the lives of people everywhere. Microsoft provides a nurturing environment to support passionate researchers and engineers in AI technology innovation. Microsoft's mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate to empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond. Responsibilities Analyze and improve performance of advanced algorithms on large-scale datasets and cutting-edge research in machine intelligence and machine learning applications. Implement prototypes of scalable systems in AI applications. Collaborate closely with team members on developing systems from prototyping to production level. Develop solutions for real world, large-scale problems. Under instruction from others, research new tools, technologies, and methods being used in the research community and contribute your knowledge around a specialized tool/method to support planning for research projects. Gain an understanding of their research as it relates to Microsoft products or business groups and assists in technology transfer attempts, participating on standards organizations, filing patents, authoring white papers, developing or maintaining tools/services for internal Microsoft use, or consulting for product or business groups. Qualifications Required Qualifications: Currently pursuing a Bachelor's, Master's, or PhD degree in a relevant field (e.g., Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics, or related disciplines). Must have at least one additional quarter/semester of school remaining following the completion of the internship. Preferred Qualifications: Proficiency in one or more general-purpose programming languages, particularly Python. Familiarity with deep learning frameworks such as PyTorch, TensorFlow, or similar toolkits. Hands-on experience with training and/or inference of large-scale models, including Large Language Models (LLMs) and/or Vision-Language Models (VLMs) and/or diffusion models. Demonstrated academic experience, including publications in top-tier conferences or journals, in one or more of the following areas: Natural Language Understanding Computer Vision Machine Learning and Deep Learning Reinforcement Learning Large Language Model or Generative AI This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.56:T735,The Applied Data Solutions Program (ADSP) Internship is your opportunity to bring your technical education background to life by solving real-world problems and developing data-driven solutions. Immersed in a culture of collaboration and innovation, you'll work directly with Apple's extensive data infrastructure and analytics platforms, tackling challenges designed to engage your curiosity and expand your skillset. You'll have close mentorship to support your growth in both technical expertise and professional skills, and your work will have a direct and measurable impact. If you're a student who is curious, passionate about data and analytics, and loves solving complex problems, we'd love to hear from you. To express interest in the Applied Data Solutions Program (ADSP) Summer 2027 Internship, please provide both your: • Resume • Unofficial transcript The ADSP Internship spans multiple teams, with opportunities across machine learning engineering, software engineering, data science, and AI development. While the team you're placed on will be determined by your background and technical focus, you can expect to: • Work side-by-side with Software Engineers, Machine Learning Engineers, and Data Scientists to design, build, and deploy scalable, production-grade systems and tools. • Apply data analysis, predictive modeling, and generative AI techniques to build and maintain end-to-end operational solutions. • Work with large, complex data sets to drive solutions through analytical models and translate data into impactful, actionable insights. • Collaborate with technical partners to implement robust real-time and batch decisioning pipelines in production environments. • Explore and contribute to emerging AI/ML capabilities, including large language model (LLM) integration and applied machine intelligence.57:T735,The Applied Data Solutions Program (ADSP) Internship is your opportunity to bring your technical education background to life by solving real-world problems and developing data-driven solutions. Immersed in a culture of collaboration and innovation, you'll work directly with Apple's extensive data infrastructure and analytics platforms, tackling challenges designed to engage your curiosity and expand your skillset. You'll have close mentorship to support your growth in both technical expertise and professional skills, and your work will have a direct and measurable impact. If you're a student who is curious, passionate about data and analytics, and loves solving complex problems, we'd love to hear from you. To express interest in the Applied Data Solutions Program (ADSP) Summer 2027 Internship, please provide both your: • Resume • Unofficial transcript The ADSP Internship spans multiple teams, with opportunities across machine learning engineering, software engineering, data science, and AI development. While the team you're placed on will be determined by your background and technical focus, you can expect to: • Work side-by-side with Software Engineers, Machine Learning Engineers, and Data Scientists to design, build, and deploy scalable, production-grade systems and tools. • Apply data analysis, predictive modeling, and generative AI techniques to build and maintain end-to-end operational solutions. • Work with large, complex data sets to drive solutions through analytical models and translate data into impactful, actionable insights. • Collaborate with technical partners to implement robust real-time and batch decisioning pipelines in production environments. • Explore and contribute to emerging AI/ML capabilities, including large language model (LLM) integration and applied machine intelligence.58:T1ada,At Netflix, our mission is to entertain the world. Together, we are writing the next episode - pushing the boundaries of storytelling, global fandom and making the unimaginable a reality. We are a dream team obsessed with the uncomfortable excitement of discovering what happens when you merge creativity, intuition and cutting-edge technology. Come be a part of what’s next. Netflix is one of the world's leading entertainment services, with over 300 million paid memberships in over 190 countries enjoying TV series, films and games across a wide variety of genres and languages. The AI Platform team builds the infrastructure that Netflix's ML and AI systems run on, from large-scale training platforms and post-training/offline infrastructure to GPU-optimized inference and serving. You'll work on infrastructure that's closely co-designed with modeling teams (model–system codesign), so this role suits PhD researchers who enjoy working at the intersection of systems and ML rather than pure modeling. We are looking for individuals with the following qualifications: * Currently enrolled student pursuing a PhD in Computer Science, Distributed Systems, Systems, Networking, Machine Learning, Computer Engineering, or a related field * Research or applied experience in one or more of the following: * Distributed systems, distributed training/serving infrastructure * ML training platforms, post-training or offline infrastructure * Inference and serving optimization, GPU-optimized inference * Model–system codesign * Proficiency in Python; experience with systems languages (Go, C++, or Rust) is a strong plus * Familiarity with distributed compute frameworks (e.g., Ray, Kubernetes, Spark) and ML training/serving stacks * Curious, self-motivated, and excited about solving open-ended infrastructure challenges at Netflix scale * Strong written and verbal communication skills Nice to have: * Publications or strong research alignment with systems-track venues (OSDI, SOSP, NSDI) or applied ML venues * Prior industry or internship experience in ML infrastructure Program details: * 12-week minimum internship with a start date early January 2027 * Based at our Los Gatos, CA headquarters, may be open to remote candidates * Intended for students returning to school for at least one semester/quarter after the internship; conversion/return offers are based on business need and headcount, and are not guaranteed For your application to be considered complete: * You will be sent an Airtable form shortly after you submit your application on our careers site; your application will not be considered complete until you fill out and submit this form. * Include a Resume or CV with complete contact information (email, phone, mailing address) and a list of relevant coursework and publications (if applicable). You will be asked to include a short statement describing your research experiences and interests, and (optionally) their relevance to Netflix Research. For inspiration, have a look at the Netflix Research site. * Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis and it's in the applicant's best interest to apply early. The application window will remain open until roles are filled. About the Internship Program At Netflix, we offer a personalized experience for interns, and our aim is to offer an experience that mimics what it is like to actually work here. We match qualified interns with projects and groups based on interests and skill sets, and fully embed interns within those groups. Netflix is a unique place to work and we live by our values, so it's worth learning more about our culture. * Internships are paid and are a minimum of 12 weeks, with a fixed start date the second week of January 2027 (Winter). Location is flexible for this team, with remote candidates considered. * This program is intended for students who will be returning to school for at least one semester/quarter following the internship to be eligible for full time employment. Conversion or return offers are based on business need and headcount, and are not guaranteed. At Netflix, we carefully consider a wide range of compensation factors to determine the Intern top of market. We rely on market indicators to determine compensation and consider your specific job, skills, and experience to get it right. These considerations can cause your compensation to vary and will also be dependent on your location. The overall market range for Netflix Internships is typically $40/hour - $85/hour. This market range is based on total compensation (vs. only base salary), which is in line with our compensation philosophy. Netflix is a unique culture and environment. Learn more here. Inclusion is a Netflix value and we strive to host a meaningful interview experience for all candidates. If you want an accommodation/adjustment for a disability or any other reason during the hiring process, please send a request to your recruiting partner. We are an equal-opportunity employer and celebrate diversity, recognizing that diversity builds stronger teams. We approach diversity and inclusion seriously and thoughtfully. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, ancestry, national origin, caste, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, age, disability, medical condition, pregnancy, genetic makeup, marital status, or military service. Apply now and help us shape the future of entertainment at Netflix! Netflix provides comprehensive benefits including Health Plans, Mental Health support, a 401(k) Retirement Plan with employer match, Stock Option Program, Disability Programs, Health Savings and Flexible Spending Accounts, Family-forming benefits, and Life and Serious Injury Benefits. We also offer paid leave of absence programs. Full-time hourly employees accrue 35 days annually for paid time off to be used for vacation, holidays, and sick paid time off. Full-time salaried employees are immediately entitled to flexible time off. See more details about our Benefits here. Netflix is a unique culture and environment. Learn more here. Inclusion is a Netflix value and we strive to host a meaningful interview experience for all candidates. If you want an accommodation/adjustment for a disability or any other reason during the hiring process, please send a request to your recruiting partner. We are an equal-opportunity employer and celebrate diversity, recognizing that diversity builds stronger teams. We approach diversity and inclusion seriously and thoughtfully. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, ancestry, national origin, caste, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, age, disability, medical condition, pregnancy, genetic makeup, marital status, or military service. Job is open for no less than 7 days and will be removed when the position is filled.59:Tcc1,Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Multifaceted, amazing people and inspiring, innovative technologies are the norm here. The people who work here have reinvented entire industries with all Apple Hardware products. The same passion for innovation that goes into our products also applies to our practices strengthening our commitment to leave the world better than we found it. Join us to help deliver the next groundbreaking Apple product! Do you love working on challenges that no one has solved yet? As a member of our dynamic group, you will have the unique and rewarding opportunity to craft upcoming products that will delight and inspire millions of Apple’s customers every single day. The UK GPU team works on IPs that are part of Apple’s world-class GPU designs for Apple Silicon SoCs. We are seeking highly motivated, innovative and confident individuals to join us, across the following areas: Unit Design Verification, Top Design Verification and Emulation & Driver Live. You will be at the centre of a chip design effort working with all disciplines, with a critical impact on getting high performant products to millions of Apple customers efficiently. Locations: These internships can be based in London Bishopsgate, St Albans or Cambridge. You may express your location preferences if selected for interview. Start dates: Winter 2026 or Spring / Summer 2027. Key Dates: Applications will close by mid-October. Initial interviews will take place in October, with final round interviews in November. We will be hiring for the below internships across the available start dates: Winter 2026 or Spring / Summer 2027. Design Verification: You'll be part of creating comprehensive verification plans and contributing to test bench development, from stimulating real-world scenarios to ensuring designs are robust and complete. Collaborating closely with our expert architects and designers, you'll play a crucial role in identifying and addressing issues early in the design cycle. With hands-on mentorship, you'll not only implement key components of our verification flows but also sharpen your debugging skills as you tackle complex testbench and design challenges. This is a great opportunity to build expertise and make a real impact while working alongside some of the brightest minds in the industry. Emulation: As a Graphics Emulation Intern, you'll develop skills in a range of areas that involve accelerated platforms such as emulation: build GPU models, run cool intensive graphics workloads on those models, debug & resolve potential issues, and contribute to the infrastructure workflow. On top of that, you'll be exposed to the automation portal that pieces all of the previously mentioned areas together using a modern web user interface coupled with a sophisticated backend. Our team partners with teams that use emulation for functional, performance and power verification, through that modern portal - it’s a fantastic opportunity to explore engaging with different teams and build up on communication and interpersonal skills.5a:Tcc1,Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Multifaceted, amazing people and inspiring, innovative technologies are the norm here. The people who work here have reinvented entire industries with all Apple Hardware products. The same passion for innovation that goes into our products also applies to our practices strengthening our commitment to leave the world better than we found it. Join us to help deliver the next groundbreaking Apple product! Do you love working on challenges that no one has solved yet? As a member of our dynamic group, you will have the unique and rewarding opportunity to craft upcoming products that will delight and inspire millions of Apple’s customers every single day. The UK GPU team works on IPs that are part of Apple’s world-class GPU designs for Apple Silicon SoCs. We are seeking highly motivated, innovative and confident individuals to join us, across the following areas: Unit Design Verification, Top Design Verification and Emulation & Driver Live. You will be at the centre of a chip design effort working with all disciplines, with a critical impact on getting high performant products to millions of Apple customers efficiently. Locations: These internships can be based in London Bishopsgate, St Albans or Cambridge. You may express your location preferences if selected for interview. Start dates: Winter 2026 or Spring / Summer 2027. Key Dates: Applications will close by mid-October. Initial interviews will take place in October, with final round interviews in November. We will be hiring for the below internships across the available start dates: Winter 2026 or Spring / Summer 2027. Design Verification: You'll be part of creating comprehensive verification plans and contributing to test bench development, from stimulating real-world scenarios to ensuring designs are robust and complete. Collaborating closely with our expert architects and designers, you'll play a crucial role in identifying and addressing issues early in the design cycle. With hands-on mentorship, you'll not only implement key components of our verification flows but also sharpen your debugging skills as you tackle complex testbench and design challenges. This is a great opportunity to build expertise and make a real impact while working alongside some of the brightest minds in the industry. Emulation: As a Graphics Emulation Intern, you'll develop skills in a range of areas that involve accelerated platforms such as emulation: build GPU models, run cool intensive graphics workloads on those models, debug & resolve potential issues, and contribute to the infrastructure workflow. On top of that, you'll be exposed to the automation portal that pieces all of the previously mentioned areas together using a modern web user interface coupled with a sophisticated backend. Our team partners with teams that use emulation for functional, performance and power verification, through that modern portal - it’s a fantastic opportunity to explore engaging with different teams and build up on communication and interpersonal skills.5b:Tcc1,Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Multifaceted, amazing people and inspiring, innovative technologies are the norm here. The people who work here have reinvented entire industries with all Apple Hardware products. The same passion for innovation that goes into our products also applies to our practices strengthening our commitment to leave the world better than we found it. Join us to help deliver the next groundbreaking Apple product! Do you love working on challenges that no one has solved yet? As a member of our dynamic group, you will have the unique and rewarding opportunity to craft upcoming products that will delight and inspire millions of Apple’s customers every single day. The UK GPU team works on IPs that are part of Apple’s world-class GPU designs for Apple Silicon SoCs. We are seeking highly motivated, innovative and confident individuals to join us, across the following areas: Unit Design Verification, Top Design Verification and Emulation & Driver Live. You will be at the centre of a chip design effort working with all disciplines, with a critical impact on getting high performant products to millions of Apple customers efficiently. Locations: These internships can be based in London Bishopsgate, St Albans or Cambridge. You may express your location preferences if selected for interview. Start dates: Winter 2026 or Spring / Summer 2027. Key Dates: Applications will close by mid-October. Initial interviews will take place in October, with final round interviews in November. We will be hiring for the below internships across the available start dates: Winter 2026 or Spring / Summer 2027. Design Verification: You'll be part of creating comprehensive verification plans and contributing to test bench development, from stimulating real-world scenarios to ensuring designs are robust and complete. Collaborating closely with our expert architects and designers, you'll play a crucial role in identifying and addressing issues early in the design cycle. With hands-on mentorship, you'll not only implement key components of our verification flows but also sharpen your debugging skills as you tackle complex testbench and design challenges. This is a great opportunity to build expertise and make a real impact while working alongside some of the brightest minds in the industry. Emulation: As a Graphics Emulation Intern, you'll develop skills in a range of areas that involve accelerated platforms such as emulation: build GPU models, run cool intensive graphics workloads on those models, debug & resolve potential issues, and contribute to the infrastructure workflow. On top of that, you'll be exposed to the automation portal that pieces all of the previously mentioned areas together using a modern web user interface coupled with a sophisticated backend. Our team partners with teams that use emulation for functional, performance and power verification, through that modern portal - it’s a fantastic opportunity to explore engaging with different teams and build up on communication and interpersonal skills.5c:Tf2e,Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Multifaceted, amazing people and inspiring, innovative technologies are the norm here. The people who work here have reinvented entire industries with all Apple Hardware products. The same passion for innovation that goes into our products also applies to our practices strengthening our commitment to leave the world better than we found it. Join us to help deliver the next groundbreaking Apple product! Do you love working on challenges that no one has solved yet? As a member of our dynamic group, you will have the unique and rewarding opportunity to craft upcoming products that will delight and inspire millions of Apple’s customers every single day. The UK GPU team works on IPs that are part of Apple’s world-class GPU designs for Apple Silicon SoCs. We are seeking highly motivated, innovative and confident individuals to join us, across the following areas: RTL Design. RTL Power Optimisation and Physical Design. You will be at the centre of a chip design effort working with all disciplines, with a critical impact on getting high performant products to millions of Apple customers efficiently. Locations: These internships can be based in London Bishopsgate, St Albans or Cambridge. You may express your location preferences if selected for interview. Start dates: Winter 2026 or Spring / Summer 2027. Key Dates: Applications will close by mid-October. Initial interviews will take place in October, with final round interviews in November. We are hiring for the below internships in the academic year 2026/2027. RTL Design: You will assist with delivering high quality IP in order to meet performance, feature, timing, area and power goals. You will have the opportunity to collaborate with Design Engineers, as well as work alongside our platform architecture, functional verification and physical design teams that are responsible for our GPU products. Your designs will need to balance energy efficiency and area constraints with project schedule and maintainability. RTL Power Optimisation: Join us as a Power Intern and play a pivotal role in shaping cutting-edge IP technology. In this dynamic internship, you'll dive deep into the power estimation/optimisation of next-generation silicon designs. Your responsibilities will include analysing and optimising power takedown strategies, setting targets for future IP, and generating insightful power data to drive critical decisions. You'll also have the exciting opportunity to innovate and enhance methodologies for power data extraction and reporting, making meaningful contributions to the efficiency and performance of our products. Collaborate with top-tier engineers, expand your technical expertise, and gain hands-on experience in the fast-evolving world of silicon hardware. Physical Design: As an intern you will join the GPU PD team, working on the physical design of new Apple products and learning how a modern ASIC design flow works. With mentorship, you will work through all the aspects of physical design from the floorplanning of blocks, placement and routing. You will partner with engineers to identify metrics and analyse results, help write scripts to automate flows and help to improve these key metrics. You will utilise the latest technologies and learn from experienced engineers. Partnering with the RTL Design teams will be key to understand chip architecture and how physical design needs to work with these teams to achieve world beating results. Are you a confident problem solver who thrives under pressure to find new, creative solutions? Are you ready to help chart the future of Apple's ecosystem? If so, we are excited to hear from you!5d:Tf2e,Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Multifaceted, amazing people and inspiring, innovative technologies are the norm here. The people who work here have reinvented entire industries with all Apple Hardware products. The same passion for innovation that goes into our products also applies to our practices strengthening our commitment to leave the world better than we found it. Join us to help deliver the next groundbreaking Apple product! Do you love working on challenges that no one has solved yet? As a member of our dynamic group, you will have the unique and rewarding opportunity to craft upcoming products that will delight and inspire millions of Apple’s customers every single day. The UK GPU team works on IPs that are part of Apple’s world-class GPU designs for Apple Silicon SoCs. We are seeking highly motivated, innovative and confident individuals to join us, across the following areas: RTL Design. RTL Power Optimisation and Physical Design. You will be at the centre of a chip design effort working with all disciplines, with a critical impact on getting high performant products to millions of Apple customers efficiently. Locations: These internships can be based in London Bishopsgate, St Albans or Cambridge. You may express your location preferences if selected for interview. Start dates: Winter 2026 or Spring / Summer 2027. Key Dates: Applications will close by mid-October. Initial interviews will take place in October, with final round interviews in November. We are hiring for the below internships in the academic year 2026/2027. RTL Design: You will assist with delivering high quality IP in order to meet performance, feature, timing, area and power goals. You will have the opportunity to collaborate with Design Engineers, as well as work alongside our platform architecture, functional verification and physical design teams that are responsible for our GPU products. Your designs will need to balance energy efficiency and area constraints with project schedule and maintainability. RTL Power Optimisation: Join us as a Power Intern and play a pivotal role in shaping cutting-edge IP technology. In this dynamic internship, you'll dive deep into the power estimation/optimisation of next-generation silicon designs. Your responsibilities will include analysing and optimising power takedown strategies, setting targets for future IP, and generating insightful power data to drive critical decisions. You'll also have the exciting opportunity to innovate and enhance methodologies for power data extraction and reporting, making meaningful contributions to the efficiency and performance of our products. Collaborate with top-tier engineers, expand your technical expertise, and gain hands-on experience in the fast-evolving world of silicon hardware. Physical Design: As an intern you will join the GPU PD team, working on the physical design of new Apple products and learning how a modern ASIC design flow works. With mentorship, you will work through all the aspects of physical design from the floorplanning of blocks, placement and routing. You will partner with engineers to identify metrics and analyse results, help write scripts to automate flows and help to improve these key metrics. You will utilise the latest technologies and learn from experienced engineers. Partnering with the RTL Design teams will be key to understand chip architecture and how physical design needs to work with these teams to achieve world beating results. Are you a confident problem solver who thrives under pressure to find new, creative solutions? Are you ready to help chart the future of Apple's ecosystem? If so, we are excited to hear from you!5e:Tf2e,Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Multifaceted, amazing people and inspiring, innovative technologies are the norm here. The people who work here have reinvented entire industries with all Apple Hardware products. The same passion for innovation that goes into our products also applies to our practices strengthening our commitment to leave the world better than we found it. Join us to help deliver the next groundbreaking Apple product! Do you love working on challenges that no one has solved yet? As a member of our dynamic group, you will have the unique and rewarding opportunity to craft upcoming products that will delight and inspire millions of Apple’s customers every single day. The UK GPU team works on IPs that are part of Apple’s world-class GPU designs for Apple Silicon SoCs. We are seeking highly motivated, innovative and confident individuals to join us, across the following areas: RTL Design. RTL Power Optimisation and Physical Design. You will be at the centre of a chip design effort working with all disciplines, with a critical impact on getting high performant products to millions of Apple customers efficiently. Locations: These internships can be based in London Bishopsgate, St Albans or Cambridge. You may express your location preferences if selected for interview. Start dates: Winter 2026 or Spring / Summer 2027. Key Dates: Applications will close by mid-October. Initial interviews will take place in October, with final round interviews in November. We are hiring for the below internships in the academic year 2026/2027. RTL Design: You will assist with delivering high quality IP in order to meet performance, feature, timing, area and power goals. You will have the opportunity to collaborate with Design Engineers, as well as work alongside our platform architecture, functional verification and physical design teams that are responsible for our GPU products. Your designs will need to balance energy efficiency and area constraints with project schedule and maintainability. RTL Power Optimisation: Join us as a Power Intern and play a pivotal role in shaping cutting-edge IP technology. In this dynamic internship, you'll dive deep into the power estimation/optimisation of next-generation silicon designs. Your responsibilities will include analysing and optimising power takedown strategies, setting targets for future IP, and generating insightful power data to drive critical decisions. You'll also have the exciting opportunity to innovate and enhance methodologies for power data extraction and reporting, making meaningful contributions to the efficiency and performance of our products. Collaborate with top-tier engineers, expand your technical expertise, and gain hands-on experience in the fast-evolving world of silicon hardware. Physical Design: As an intern you will join the GPU PD team, working on the physical design of new Apple products and learning how a modern ASIC design flow works. With mentorship, you will work through all the aspects of physical design from the floorplanning of blocks, placement and routing. You will partner with engineers to identify metrics and analyse results, help write scripts to automate flows and help to improve these key metrics. You will utilise the latest technologies and learn from experienced engineers. Partnering with the RTL Design teams will be key to understand chip architecture and how physical design needs to work with these teams to achieve world beating results. Are you a confident problem solver who thrives under pressure to find new, creative solutions? Are you ready to help chart the future of Apple's ecosystem? If so, we are excited to hear from you!5f:T1528,Job Details: Job Description: If you are a "hands on" person and you like the rush and excitement of producing the technology that will enable the life of every person on earth, keep reading! The NM APTM (New Mexico Advanced Packaging Technology Manufacturing) plant in Rio Rancho, New Mexico has a year-round studentship program for students interested in working as a Manufacturing Technician. Join us and help us create the next generation of technologies that will shape the future for decades to come. You will be in a fast paced and challenging environment performing functions associated with wafer movement within our NM factories. This position supports manufacturing operations by performing equipment setup, monitoring production processes, and conducting quality checks. Assists in troubleshooting machinery and optimizing production efficiency to meet output goals. Collaborates with engineering and operations teams to ensure compliance with safety and quality standards. As an intern, learns and applies knowledge, builds skills, and explores future career opportunities through hands-on experience and projects that support Intel business goals in a collaborative environment. The position is a part-time (20-32 hours a week during the school year, up to 40 hours a week on breaks/summers) with flexible hours around a student's school schedule while still in alignment with a one of the following factory shifts: Shift 4: (nights frontend) 7 PM - 7 AM Sun-Tues and alternating Saturday nights. Shift 5: (days frontend) 7 AM - 7 PM Sun-Tues and alternating Wednesday days. Shift 6: (nights backend) 7 PM - 7 AM Wed-Sat and alternating Saturday night. Shift 7: (days backend) 7 AM - 7 PM Thurs-Sat and alternating Wednesday days. Must be willing to lift up to 35 pounds (18 kgs) 4 times a day. This position requires frequent standing, walking, bending, and reaching. Must be willing to work in a clean room environment, wearing coveralls, hoods, booties, safety glasses and gloves. Qualifications: You must possess the minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position. Preferred qualifications are in addition to the minimum requirements and are considered a plus factor in identifying top candidates. Relevant experience can be obtained through schoolwork, classes, project work, internships, and/or military experience. This position is not eligible for Intel immigration sponsorship. This position is located in Rio Rancho, New Mexico. Relocation will not be offered for this position. Minimum Requirements: Actively enrolled and progressing as a student pursuing an AAS Degree or certification in Automotive Technology, Aviation Technology, Electrical Trades, Heating/Ventilation/AC/Refrigeration, Industrial Automation Technology (Mechatronics), Machine Tool Technology or related field of study. 1+ month of experience with basic Microsoft applications, ex: Excel, Outlook. Preferred Qualifications: Basic knowledge on any of the following areas: electronics, equipment troubleshooting, installation, repair and operations. Experience performing hands-on, auto repair, welding, soldering, robotics, crafting. Preventative and corrective maintenance on equipment. Work experience in a team environment. Experience with schematics and drawings/diagrams and Integrated circuit fabrication. Job Type: Student / Intern Shift: Shift 5 (United States of America) Primary Location: US, New Mexico, Albuquerque Additional Locations: Posting Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Position of Trust N/A Benefits We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock bonuses, and benefit programs which include health, retirement, and vacation. Find out more about the benefits of working at Intel. Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in the US: $46,700.00-57,000.00 USD (Hourly Role) The range displayed on this job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation for the position across all US locations. Our standard internship rates are based on your degree, location, and the job role. Your recruiter can share more about the specific compensation range for your preferred location and job role during the hiring process. Work Model for this Role This role will require an on-site presence. * Job posting details (such as work model, location or time type) are subject to change. * ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Intel is committed to Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance and ethical hiring practices. We do not charge any fees during our hiring process. Candidates should never be required to pay recruitment fees, medical examination fees, or any other charges as a condition of employment. If you are asked to pay any fees during our hiring process, please report this immediately to your recruiter. Intel’s official careers website. Find your next job and take on projects that shape tomorrow’s technology. Benefits Internships Life at Intel Locations Recruitment Process60:T1675,At Netflix, our mission is to entertain the world. Together, we are writing the next episode - pushing the boundaries of storytelling, global fandom and making the unimaginable a reality. We are a dream team obsessed with the uncomfortable excitement of discovering what happens when you merge creativity, intuition and cutting-edge technology. Come be a part of what’s next. The Role Gaussian Splatting (GS) is a 3D/4D scene reconstruction technique that enables photorealistic novel-view synthesis with low rendering complexity, making it attractive for deployment on consumer devices such as TVs, streaming sticks, phones, and laptops. Realizing this vision requires addressing several open technical challenges, such as a significant reduction in model training/encoding time and more efficient compression. As part of the Video Algorithms team during this 24-week Fall internship, you will help us investigate the potential of GS as a future streaming format and explore possible improvements, with a focus on building towards a practical system. During the internship, you will: * Explore GS model compression strategies using open datasets * Contribute to early thinking on additional dataset needs for representative scenes. * Characterize trade-offs among GS model size, training time, and rendered quality, and quantify the gap relative to streaming-rate targets * Identify and experiment with strategies to reduce training/encoding time and/or to improve GS compression efficiency * Design and implement a proof-of-concept (PoC) that showcases GS-based rendering on content of interest Who Are You? * Currently pursuing a PhD in a technical field such as Computer Science, Engineering, Math, or Statistics, with an expected graduation date in June 2027 or later. * Thrives working in complex, dynamic, and fast-moving environments. * Strong software development skills and feels comfortable with software engineering best practices (e.g., version control, testing, code review, etc.). * Successful track record in research of 3D/4D scene reconstruction, novel-view synthesis, Gaussian Splatting or NeRF, differentiable rendering, neural graphics, or 3D computer vision. * Solid understanding of machine learning and deep learning concepts, with hands-on experience training and evaluating ML models. * Able to program fluently in Python Nice to Have: * Familiarity with real-time rendering and GPU programming (CUDA, WebGL, graphics pipelines). * Background in video compression, streaming systems, or codec standards such as HEVC and AV1. * Involvement in open-source multimedia or graphics projects. * Experience with large-scale distributed systems and cloud computing. To learn more about our team, check out some of our tech blogs: * https://netflixtechblog.com/av1-now-powering-30-of-netflix-streaming-02f592242d80 * https://netflixtechblog.com/av1-scale-film-grain-synthesis-the-awakening-ee09cfdff40b * https://netflixtechblog.com/for-your-eyes-only-improving-netflix-video-quality-with-neural-networks-5b8d032da09c * https://netflixtechblog.com/toward-a-practical-perceptual-video-quality-metric-653f208b9652 * https://netflixtechblog.com/per-title-encode-optimization-7e99442b62a2 Internships at Netflix At Netflix, we offer a personalized experience for interns, and our aim is to mimic what it is like to actually work here. We match qualified interns with projects and groups based on interests and skill sets, and fully embed interns within those groups for the summer. Netflix is a unique place to work and we live by our values, so it's worth learning more about our culture. Internships are paid and are a minimum of 12 weeks,. Conditions permitting, our summer internships will be located in our Los Gatos, CA office, or in our Los Angeles, CA office, depending on the team. At Netflix, we carefully consider a wide range of compensation factors to determine the Intern top of market. We rely on market indicators to determine compensation and consider your specific job, skills, and experience to get it right. These considerations can cause your compensation to vary and will also be dependent on your location. The overall market range for Netflix Internships is typically $40/hour - $110/hour. This market range is based on total compensation (vs. only base salary), which is in line with our compensation philosophy. Netflix is a unique culture and environment. Learn more here. Netflix provides comprehensive benefits including Health Plans, Mental Health support, a 401(k) Retirement Plan with employer match, Stock Option Program, Disability Programs, Health Savings and Flexible Spending Accounts, Family-forming benefits, and Life and Serious Injury Benefits. We also offer paid leave of absence programs. Full-time hourly employees accrue 35 days annually for paid time off to be used for vacation, holidays, and sick paid time off. Full-time salaried employees are immediately entitled to flexible time off. See more details about our Benefits here. Netflix is a unique culture and environment. Learn more here. Inclusion is a Netflix value and we strive to host a meaningful interview experience for all candidates. If you want an accommodation/adjustment for a disability or any other reason during the hiring process, please send a request to your recruiting partner. We are an equal-opportunity employer and celebrate diversity, recognizing that diversity builds stronger teams. We approach diversity and inclusion seriously and thoughtfully. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, ancestry, national origin, caste, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, age, disability, medical condition, pregnancy, genetic makeup, marital status, or military service.61:T1081,Overview Come build community, explore your passions and do your best work at Microsoft with thousands of University interns from every corner of the world. This opportunity will allow you to bring your aspirations, talent, potential and excitement for the journey ahead. ​ As a Supply Chain Program Management Intern, you will build support plans and design service experiences for new products, programs, or offerings. You will critically review new support scenarios to identify potential incidents/risks and their mitigation; determining if new plans are necessary to support offerings and opportunities or if plans should be removed. You will analyze experience feedback and monitor key performance indicators to improve the customer experience, increase return on investment, and identify new opportunities. ​ At Microsoft, Interns work on real-world projects in collaboration with teams across the world, while having fun along the way. You’ll be empowered to build community, explore your passions and achieve your goals. This is your chance to bring your solutions and ideas to life while working on cutting-edge technology. ​ Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate to empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond. ​ Responsibilities Executes forward or reverse supply plans provided. Performs tactical elements of supply plan, including understanding the part level gaps between demand and supply. Manages programs with low complexity and/or receives direct guidance. ​ Uses tools and processes for managing supply and driving improvements to avoid additional labor needs, while gaining a foundational understanding of these tools and processes. ​ Conducts analysis and gathers information for "what-if" scenarios impacting supply and demand management for forward and reverse planning. ​ Reworks/refurbishes finished goods, executing mitigation solutions for goods, and redeploys them in another area, when applicable. ​ Assists with the review of staffing, capacity, bills of materials, and change orders. Tracks metrics related to operational performance of suppliers. ​ Qualifications Required Qualifications: Currently pursuing Bachelor's Degree in Engineering, Industrial Engineering, Supply Chain/Operations Management, Supply Chain Analytics, or related field. ​ Must have at least one additional semester/term of school remaining following the completion of the internship. ​ #EiP The base pay range for this internship is USD $4,700.00 - $8,350.00 per month. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $6,330.00 - $9,490.00 per month. Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other compensation. Find additional benefits and pay information here: https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-intern-pay Microsoft accepts applications and processes offers for these roles on an ongoing basis throughout the academic calendar (September - April) This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.62:T77f,Do you want to help build some of the largest and most consequential enterprise and customer technology systems in the world? Join Apple’s Information Systems and Technology (IS&T) organization. IS&T is the engine behind everything Apple does for customers and for the people who build for them. It’s Apple’s central nervous system. Supporting 2.5 billion active Apple devices, processing billions of secure transactions, and keeping the technology that defines modern life running flawlessly, IS&T makes the impossible feel effortless.Do you love building solutions to handle global complexity and immense scale? Imagine what you could do here. The internship provides opportunities across many different teams, ranging from special projects for new business initiatives to operations in a rapidly growing and dynamic setting. Interns benefit from a combination of training and on-the-job work experience. We promote innovation and new technology to further improve our creative output. Dynamic, smart people and inspiring, innovative technologies are the norm here. You will be part of building an extraordinary team. We're looking for a talented and passionate person to join this amazing team. If you feel this is you, we'd love to hear from you. This internship is located in Singapore. Potential Roles Include: · Software Engineering (Application Development, Front-end, Back-end, Full-stack) · Engineering Project Management · Technical Project Management · Quality Engineering · Cloud Engineering · Data Engineering · Site Reliability Engineering Potential Teams You Could Join: · HCI & User Experience · Machine Learning · Business Analytics · Mobile Applications · SAP ERP, Finance, Logistics · Governance & Planning · Retail Systems · Sales and Marketing · Customer Support · Product Engineering · HR and Workforce Management · Collaboration Tools · Entertainment and Studio Systems63:Tbbd,Today, NVIDIA is tapping into the unlimited potential of AI to define the next era of computing. An era in which our GPU acts as the brains of computers, robots, and self-driving cars that can understand the world. Doing what’s never been done before takes vision, innovation, and the world’s best talent. As an NVIDIAN, you’ll be immersed in a diverse, encouraging environment where everyone is inspired to do their best work. Come join the team and see how we can make a lasting impact on the world. We are now recruiting top Applied Research Interns to join Nemotron post-training team. Together, we will work on next generation of Nemotron post-training and open-source software such as NeMo-RL. Do you love the challenge of training deep learning models? Do you love the challenge of identifying and optimizing the latest AI algorithms to help us grow into new and more pervasive verticals? If so, then join our team and help us design large deep learning systems for natural language processing! What you'll be doing: Develop and prototype new algorithms and models for AI model post-training. Contribute to open-source projects such as NeMo-RL and contribute to the next version of Nemotron models. Publish your internship project results What we need to see: Pursuing a MS or PhD degree in Computer Science or Electrical Engineering Masters students with good publication record will be considered too Excellent Python programming skills Strong knowledge in Deep Learning for Natural Language Processing Experience with PyTorch or JAX Ability to work independently Attention to details and ability to manage large sets of experiments Ways to stand out from the crowd: Contribution to open-source projects. Please include links to your OSS contributions! NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-thinking and hardworking people in the world working for us. If you're creative and autonomous, we want to hear from you! Our internship hourly rates are a standard pay based on the position, your location, year in school, degree, and experience. The hourly rate for our interns is 20 USD - 71 USD. You will also be eligible for Intern benefits. Applications for this job will be accepted at least until July 5, 2026. This posting is for an existing vacancy. NVIDIA uses AI tools in its recruiting processes. NVIDIA is committed to fostering an inclusive work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing. Today, our AI infrastructure powers global intelligence, transforming every industry. Learn more about NVIDIA.64:T7ce,Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Dynamic, smart people and inspiring, innovative technologies are the norm here. The people who work here have reinvented entire industries with all Apple Hardware products powered by Apple Silicon. The same passion for innovation that goes into our products also applies to our practices strengthening our commitment to leave the world better than we found it. Join us to help deliver the next groundbreaking Apple product. Do you have experience being at the center of a System-on-a-chip (SoC) design verification effort collaborating with design? Are you passionate about changing the world? We have a critical impact on getting high quality functional products to millions of customers quickly and we are hiring all levels from junior to senior roles. As a formal verification architect leading the complete formal verification for single or multiple design blocks and IP’s (CPU, Cellular and Connectivity IP, Audio and Image Processing IP, Neural Networks IP, Memory/DMA Controller, Security IP, Peripheral IP, Interconnects, Power management subsystems, etc.), you will be responsible for: Working with Apple's world-class design engineers to develop a formal micro-architecture specification. Formalizing the refinement from architecture to micro-architecture. Developing comprehensive formal verification test plan. Proving properties of the design, finding design bugs, and working closely with design teams to help improve the micro-architecture. Crafting novel and creative solutions for verifying complex design micro-architectures. Developing and implementing re-usable and optimized formal models and verification code base. Architecting correct-by-construction design methodologies for improved formal verification efficiency and productivity.65:T7ce,Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Dynamic, smart people and inspiring, innovative technologies are the norm here. The people who work here have reinvented entire industries with all Apple Hardware products powered by Apple Silicon. The same passion for innovation that goes into our products also applies to our practices strengthening our commitment to leave the world better than we found it. Join us to help deliver the next groundbreaking Apple product. Do you have experience being at the center of a System-on-a-chip (SoC) design verification effort collaborating with design? Are you passionate about changing the world? We have a critical impact on getting high quality functional products to millions of customers quickly and we are hiring all levels from junior to senior roles. As a formal verification architect leading the complete formal verification for single or multiple design blocks and IP’s (CPU, Cellular and Connectivity IP, Audio and Image Processing IP, Neural Networks IP, Memory/DMA Controller, Security IP, Peripheral IP, Interconnects, Power management subsystems, etc.), you will be responsible for: Working with Apple's world-class design engineers to develop a formal micro-architecture specification. Formalizing the refinement from architecture to micro-architecture. Developing comprehensive formal verification test plan. Proving properties of the design, finding design bugs, and working closely with design teams to help improve the micro-architecture. Crafting novel and creative solutions for verifying complex design micro-architectures. Developing and implementing re-usable and optimized formal models and verification code base. Architecting correct-by-construction design methodologies for improved formal verification efficiency and productivity.66:T86f,Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Multifaceted, amazing people and inspiring, innovative technologies are the norm here. The people who work here have reinvented entire industries with all Apple Hardware products. The same passion for innovation that goes into our products also applies to our practices strengthening our commitment to leave the world better than we found it. Join us to help deliver the next groundbreaking Apple product! Do you love working on challenges that no one has solved yet? At Apple, we are pushing the boundary of what is possible to improve the lives of our customers. Do you love crafting elegant solutions to complex problems? Do you enjoy learning how systems work from the big picture down to the smallest detail? As part of the SoC Performance group, you’ll work with a diverse set of cross-functional teams to help architect, optimize, and ship our industry-leading SoCs powering Apple products from iPhone to Apple Watch, iPad, Macs, and more! Apple is an Equal Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities. Apple will not discriminate or retaliate against applicants who inquire about, disclose, or discuss their compensation or that of other applicants. As an intern in the System-on-Chip (SoC) Performance Modelling Team, you will work together with platform architects to create C++ simulations of Apple’s next iPhone/iPad/Mac chips. You will contribute to the model and help analyse new wireless (5G) solutions and related applications, such as augmented reality, to help us deliver the best products to our millions of customers. We are looking for a student who is passionate about developing in C++ and/or Python and brings a solid understanding of computer architecture or complex embedded systems.67:Tb04,Join us for a unique 12-14 week paid internship that offers personal and professional development, an executive speaker series, and community-building. The Software Developer Internship program will give you an opportunity to work on complex computer science solutions, develop scalable, distributed software systems, and also collaborate on multitudes of smaller projects that have universal appeal. 
We offer a range of internships in either Software Developing or Site-Reliability across North America, including the US and Canada. Our recruitment team will determine where you fit best based on your resume.
As a Software Developer intern, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs. Google is working to advance the state of the art in computing and build the next generation of intelligent systems for all Google products. To achieve this, we work on projects that utilize the latest computer science techniques developed by skilled software developers. Whether we're shaping the future of sustainability, optimizing algorithms, or pioneering AI systems, our teams strive to continuously progress science, advance society, and improve the lives of billions of people.
Software Developer Intern: 
As a key member of a versatile team, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs. We need our developers to be versatile, and enthusiastic in addressing new problems as we continue to push technology forward. You will design, test, deploy and maintain software solutions as you grow and evolve during your internship.
Site Reliability Intern: 
Our developers create, fix, extend and scale the code to keep it working and to harden it against all the bad actors of the internet. We drive reliability and performance on a massive scale. You will work on software development projects to keep important business-critical systems up and running, from code-level troubleshooting of traffic anomalies to maintenance of our services; from monitoring and alerts to building new automation infrastructure. 
Google is a software development company at heart. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on users around the world. At Google, software developers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, social to local, Google software developers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. 
Canada: $102000 (CAD) + 0% bonus target .
Learn more about benefits at Google.
68:Tb02,Join us for a unique 12-14 week paid internship that offers personal and professional development, an executive speaker series, and community-building. The Software Developer Internship program will give you an opportunity to work on complex computer science solutions, develop scalable, distributed software systems, and also collaborate on multitudes of smaller projects that have universal appeal. 
We offer a range of internships in either Software Developing or Site-Reliability across North America, including the US and Canada. Our recruitment team will determine where you fit best based on your resume.
As a Software Developer intern, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs. Google is working to advance the state of the art in computing and build the next generation of intelligent systems for all Google products. To achieve this, we work on projects that utilize the latest computer science techniques developed by skilled software developers. Whether we're shaping the future of sustainability, optimizing algorithms, or pioneering AI systems, our teams strive to continuously progress science, advance society, and improve the lives of billions of people.
Software Developer Intern: 
As a key member of a versatile team, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs. We need our developers to be versatile, and enthusiastic in addressing new problems as we continue to push technology forward. You will design, test, deploy and maintain software solutions as you grow and evolve during your internship.
Site Reliability Intern: 
Our developers create, fix, extend and scale the code to keep it working and to harden it against all the bad actors of the internet. We drive reliability and performance on a massive scale. You will work on software development projects to keep important business-critical systems up and running, from code-level troubleshooting of traffic anomalies to maintenance of our services; from monitoring and alerts to building new automation infrastructure. 
Google is a software development company at heart. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on users around the world. At Google, software developers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, social to local, Google software developers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. 
Canada: $99000 (CAD) + 0% bonus target.
Learn more about benefits at Google.
69:Tb0f,Join us for a unique 12-14 week paid internship that offers personal and professional development, an executive speaker series, and community-building. The Software Developing Internship program will give you an opportunity to work on complex computer science solutions, develop scalable, distributed software systems, and also collaborate on multitudes of smaller projects that have universal appeal.
We offer a range of internships in either Software Developing or Site-Reliability across North America, including the US and Canada. Our recruitment team will determine where you fit best based on your resume.
As a Software Developer Intern, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs. Google is working to advance the state of the art in computing and build the next generation of intelligent systems for all Google products. To achieve this, we work on projects that utilize the latest computer science techniques developed by skilled software developers. Whether we're shaping the future of sustainability, optimizing algorithms, or pioneering AI systems, our teams strive to continuously progress science, advance society, and improve the lives of billions of people.
Software Developer Intern: 
As a key member of a versatile team, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs. We need our developers to be versatile, and enthusiastic in addressing new problems as we continue to push technology forward. You will design, test, deploy and maintain software solutions as you grow and evolve during your internship.
Site Reliability Intern: 
Our developers create, fix, extend and scale the code to keep it working and to harden it against all the bad actors of the internet. We drive reliability and performance on a massive scale. You will work on software development projects to keep important business-critical systems up and running from code-level troubleshooting of traffic anomalies to maintenance of our most cutting-edge services, monitoring and alerts to building new automation infrastructure.
Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to address some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
Canada: $120000 (CAD) + 0% bonus target
Learn more about benefits at Google.
6a:T647,Join us for a full-time, 12-14 week paid internship that offers personal and professional development, an executive speaker series, and community-building. Research happens across Google everyday, in many different teams. Our research has already impacted user-facing services across Google, including Search, Maps, and Google Now, and is central to the success of Google Cloud and our planet-scale computing, storage, and networking infrastructure.
Research Interns work closely with developers to discover, invent, and build at the largest scale. From creating experiments and prototyping implementations to designing architectures, Research Interns work on challenges in artificial intelligence, machine perception, data mining, machine learning, natural language understanding, privacy, computer architecture, networking, operating systems, storage and data management, and more.
Google Research addresses challenges that define the technology of today and tomorrow. From conducting fundamental research to influencing product development, our research teams have the opportunity to impact technology used by billions of people every day. 

Our teams aspire to make discoveries that impact everyone, and core to our approach is sharing our research and tools to fuel progress in the field -- we publish regularly in academic journals, release projects as open source, and apply research to Google products.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
Canada: $120000 (CAD) + 0% bonus target
Learn more about benefits at Google. 
6b:T647,Join us for a full-time, 12-14 week paid internship that offers personal and professional development, an executive speaker series, and community-building. Research happens across Google everyday, in many different teams. Our research has already impacted user-facing services across Google, including Search, Maps, and Google Now, and is central to the success of Google Cloud and our planet-scale computing, storage, and networking infrastructure.
Research Interns work closely with developers to discover, invent, and build at the largest scale. From creating experiments and prototyping implementations to designing architectures, Research Interns work on challenges in artificial intelligence, machine perception, data mining, machine learning, natural language understanding, privacy, computer architecture, networking, operating systems, storage and data management, and more.
Google Research addresses challenges that define the technology of today and tomorrow. From conducting fundamental research to influencing product development, our research teams have the opportunity to impact technology used by billions of people every day. 

Our teams aspire to make discoveries that impact everyone, and core to our approach is sharing our research and tools to fuel progress in the field -- we publish regularly in academic journals, release projects as open source, and apply research to Google products.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
Canada: $120000 (CAD) + 0% bonus target
Learn more about benefits at Google. 
6c:T648,Mandiant has been at the forefront of cybersecurity and cyber threat intelligence since 2004. Our incident responders are on the frontlines of the world’s most complex breaches. We have a deep understanding of existing and emerging threat actors, including their rapidly changing tactics, techniques, and procedures.
We ensure the long-term success of our clients by providing talented, passionate, and specialized security expertise. Our Mandiant Security Consultants partner with clients to evaluate, create, develop, improve, and mature information security operations and programs. By utilizing the latest industry standards and combining experience and knowledge gained from Incident Response, Intelligence, and Managed Defense practices, we are able to develop defense forward information security programs for our clients.
Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to address some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
Canada: $82800 (CAD) + 0% bonus target
Learn more about benefits at Google.
6d:T95f,The Student Researcher Program fosters academic collaborations by hiring students onto research projects aligned to company priorities in scientific advancement. The program offers placements on teams across Google, for research, developing, and science roles. As a Student Researcher, you will have the opportunity to participate in research projects focused on developing solutions for real-world, large-scale problems.
Student Researcher projects are exploratory and experiences that drive scientific advancement across a multitude of research areas. Students will work collaboratively on projects that explore innovative research challenges and support the creation of breakthrough technologies.
Projects vary in duration and location based on team and student requirements. It is required that you are located in one of the specific country locations identified for this role for the full duration of the engagement. When you apply, you will be considered for Student Researcher positions across all of Google's research teams including DeepMind, Google Research, Google Cloud and more. This allows us to find the right project match for your skills and interests.
Academic Level: This application is intended for candidates who will be enrolled in a PhD degree program at the time of the engagement and have a demonstrated research focus.
Program Distinction: Unlike the Research Internship, which is a structured seasonal placement, the Student Researcher role offers greater flexibility in weekly time commitment, project duration, and onsite/remote options. Specific work arrangements and engagement timelines are confirmed during the offer stage.
Researchers across Google are working to advance the computing and build the next generation of intelligent systems for all Google products. To achieve this, we invest in foundational research and work on projects that utilize the latest computer science techniques developed by skilled software developers and research scientists. Whether we're shaping the future of sustainability, optimizing algorithms, or pioneering AI systems, our teams strive to continuously progress science, advance society, and improve the lives of billions of people.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
Canada: $120000 (CAD) + 0% bonus target
Learn more about benefits at Google. 
6e:T78b,The Student Researcher Program fosters academic collaborations by hiring students onto research projects aligned to company priorities in scientific advancement. The program offers placements on teams across Google, for research, developing, and science roles. As a Student Researcher, you will have the opportunity to participate in research projects focused on developing solutions for real-world, large-scale problems.
Student Researcher projects are exploratory and experiences that drive scientific advancement across a multitude of research areas. Students will work collaboratively on projects that explore innovative research challenges and support the creation of breakthrough technologies.
Projects vary in duration and location based on team and student requirements. It is required that you are located in one of the specific country locations identified for this role for the full duration of the engagement. When you apply, you will be considered for Student Researcher positions across all of Google's research teams including DeepMind, Google Research, Google Cloud and more. This allows us to find the right project match for your skills and interests.
Researchers across Google are working to advance the state of the art in computing and build the next generation of intelligent systems for all Google products. To achieve this, we invest in foundational research and work on projects that utilize the latest computer science techniques developed by skilled software developers and research scientists. Whether we're shaping the future of sustainability, optimizing algorithms, or pioneering AI systems, our teams strive to continuously progress science, advance society, and improve the lives of billions of people.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
Canada: $120000 (CAD) + 0% bonus target
Learn more about benefits at Google.
6f:Tabb,The Student Researcher Program fosters academic collaborations by hiring students onto research projects aligned to company priorities in scientific advancement. The program offers placements on teams across Google for research, developing, and science roles. As a Student Researcher, you will have the opportunity to participate in research projects focused on developing solutions for real-world, large-scale problems.
Student Researcher projects are exploratory and experiences that drive scientific advancement across a multitude of research areas. Students will work collaboratively on projects that explore innovative research challenges and support the creation of breakthrough technologies.
Projects vary in duration and location based on team and student requirements. It is required that you are located in one of the specific country locations identified for this role for the full duration of the engagement. When you apply, you will be considered for Student Researcher positions across all of Google's research teams, including DeepMind, Google Research, Google Cloud and more. This allows us to find the right project match for your skills and interests.
Academic Level: While the Student Researcher Program is open to students at all degree levels, the majority of our projects are designed for PhD talent. We actively welcome exceptional researchers pursuing a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science or a related field; however, please note that these opportunities are available in a highly limited capacity and require a demonstrated research focus or a strong publication record.

Program Distinction: Unlike the Research Internship, which is a structured seasonal placement, the Student Researcher role offers greater flexibility in weekly time commitment, project duration, and onsite/remote options. Specific work arrangements and engagement timelines are confirmed during the offer stage.
Researchers across Google are working to advance the computing and build the next generation of intelligent systems for all Google products. To achieve this, we invest in foundational research and work on projects that utilize the latest computer science techniques developed by skilled software developers and research scientists. Whether we're shaping the future of sustainability, optimizing algorithms, or pioneering AI systems, our teams strive to continuously progress science, advance society, and improve the lives of billions of people.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
[Bachelor's degree] Canada: $99000 (CAD) + 0% bonus target
[Master's degree] Canada: $102000 (CAD) + 0% bonus target

Learn more about benefits at Google.
70:T7b2,The Student Researcher Program fosters academic collaborations by hiring students onto research projects aligned to company priorities in scientific advancement. The program offers placements on teams across Google for research, developing, and science roles. As a Student Researcher, you will have the opportunity to participate in research projects focused on developing solutions for real-world, large-scale problems.
Student Researcher projects are exploratory and experiences that drive scientific advancement across a multitude of research areas. Students will work collaboratively on projects that explore innovative research challenges and support the creation of breakthrough technologies.
Projects vary in duration and location based on team and student requirements. It is required that you are located in one of the specific country locations identified for this role for the full duration of the engagement. When you apply, you will be considered for Student Researcher positions across all of Google's research teams, including DeepMind, Google Research, Google Cloud and more. This allows us to find the right project match for your skills and interests.
Researchers across Google are working to advance the state of the art in computing and build the next generation of intelligent systems for all Google products. To achieve this, we invest in foundational research and work on projects that utilize the latest computer science techniques developed by skilled software developers and research scientists. Whether we're shaping the future of sustainability, optimizing algorithms, or pioneering AI systems, our teams strive to continuously progress science, advance society, and improve the lives of billions of people.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
Canada: $99000 (CAD) + 0% bonus target
Canada: $102000 (CAD) + 0% bonus target
Learn more about benefits at Google.
71:T88c,The Student Researcher Program fosters academic collaborations by hiring students onto research projects aligned to company priorities in scientific advancement. The program offers placements on teams across Google, for research, developing, and science roles. As a Student Researcher, you will have the opportunity to participate in research projects focused on developing solutions for real-world, large-scale problems.
Student Researcher projects are exploratory and experiences that drive scientific advancement across a multitude of research areas. Students will work collaboratively on projects that explore innovative research challenges and support the creation of breakthrough technologies.
Projects vary in duration and location based on team and student requirements. It is required that you are located in one of the specific country locations identified for this role for the full duration of the engagement. When you apply, you will be considered for Student Researcher positions across all of Google's research teams including Google DeepMind, Google Research, Google Cloud and more. This allows us to find the right project match for your skills and interests.
Researchers across Google are working to advance the state of the art in computing and build the next generation of intelligent systems for all Google products. To achieve this, we invest in foundational research and work on projects that utilize the latest computer science techniques developed by skilled software developers and research scientists. Whether we're shaping the future of sustainability, optimizing algorithms, or pioneering AI systems, our teams strive to continuously progress science, advance society, and improve the lives of billions of people.
The Canada base salary for this full-time position is CAD 120,000, determined by role, level, and location. Individual pay is determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. 

Please note that the compensation details listed in Canada role postings reflect the base salary only, and do not include bonus, equity, or benefits. Learn more about benefits at Google.
72:T88b,The Student Researcher Program fosters academic collaborations by hiring students onto research projects aligned to company priorities in scientific advancement. The program offers placements on teams across Google for research, developing, and science roles. As a Student Researcher, you will have the opportunity to participate in research projects focused on developing solutions for real-world, large-scale problems.
Student Researcher projects are exploratory and experiences that drive scientific advancement across a multitude of research areas. Students will work collaboratively on projects that explore innovative research challenges and support the creation of breakthrough technologies.
Projects vary in duration and location based on team and student requirements. It is required that you are located in one of the specific country locations identified for this role for the full duration of the engagement. When you apply, you will be considered for Student Researcher positions across all of Google's research teams, including Google DeepMind, Google Research, Google Cloud and more. This allows us to find the right project match for your skills and interests.
Researchers across Google are working to advance the state of the art in computing and build the next generation of intelligent systems for all Google products. To achieve this, we invest in foundational research and work on projects that utilize the latest computer science techniques developed by skilled software developers and research scientists. Whether we're shaping the future of sustainability, optimizing algorithms, or pioneering AI systems, our teams strive to continuously progress science, advance society, and improve the lives of billions of people.
The Canada base salary for this full-time position is CAD 99,000, determined by role, level, and location. Individual pay is determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. 

Please note that the compensation details listed in Canada role postings reflect the base salary only, and do not include bonus, equity, or benefits. Learn more about benefits at Google.
73:T652,Google's projects, like our users, span the globe and require managers to keep the big picture in focus while being able to dive into the unique engineering challenges we face daily. As a Technical Program Manager at Google, you lead complex, multi-disciplinary engineering projects using your engineering expertise. You plan requirements with internal customers and usher projects through the entire project lifecycle. This includes managing project schedules, identifying risks and clearly communicating them to project stakeholders. You're equally at home explaining your team's analyses and recommendations to executives as you are discussing the technical trade-offs in product development with engineers.
Using your technical and leadership expertise, you run Engineering-focused projects that are well-defined under supervision.
Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to address some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
US: $94000 - $125000 (USD) + 0% bonus target
Learn more about benefits at Google.
74:Ta38,About the program
The Business Undergrad Internship Program is a paid summer internship for undergraduate college students that are interested in working in non-technical career opportunities at Google.
Interns are placed on teams across the company in fields of work within Sales, Marketing and Finance. Their work is core to Google and varies in scope and in length - ranging from the day-to-day core work of a full-time Googler to a single long-term project lasting the duration of the internship. Learn more from our Student Hub page.
Interns also participate in targeted training and experiences and have the opportunity to take advantage of the learning and development programs and support systems that Google offers. This includes 1:1 mentorship, a unique speaker series with company leadership, custom learning and development sessions, and opportunities to create community. 
Role Areas
Business Undergrad interns are placed in teams across the business according to their background and skills. Learn more about our fields of work. Although the teams that we hire for change every year, here are some of the key role profiles that we typically see: 
Sales: Turn product innovations into vital client solutions. The backbone of Google’s success, the account managers, consultants and analysts in these roles are all dedicated to top-notch client service. Whether negotiating with Fortune 500 companies, solving technical challenges for small businesses, or surfacing product ads in just the right place, we develop new business opportunities while increasing the use of our product offerings.
Marketing: Know the user. Know the magic. Connect the two. At its core, marketing at Google starts with technology and ends with the user, bringing both together in unconventional ways. Our job is to demonstrate how Google's products solve the world's challenges--from the everyday to the epic, from the mundane to the monumental. We approach marketing in a way that only Google can; changing the game, redefining the medium, making the user the priority, ultimately letting the technology speak for itself.
Finance: Fuel our moonshots by devising innovative solutions to complex problems in forecasting, accounting, compliance, and project management. From advising our product teams to managing day-to-day balance sheets, you’ll help keep our business on track to meet (or, better yet, exceed) our goals.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.

US: $58000 - $77000 (USD) + 0% bonus target

Learn more about benefits at Google. 
75:Tb1c,Join us for a unique 12-14 week paid internship that offers personal and professional development, an executive speaker series, and community-building. The Software Engineering Internship program will give you an opportunity to work on complex computer science solutions, develop scalable, distributed software systems, and also collaborate on multitudes of smaller projects that have universal appeal.
We offer a range of internships in either Software Engineering or Site-Reliability Engineering across North America, including the US and Canada. Our recruitment team will determine where you fit best based on your resume.
As a Software Engineering Intern, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs. Google is working to advance the state of the art in computing and build the next generation of intelligent systems for all Google products. To achieve this, we work on projects that utilize the latest computer science techniques developed by skilled software developers. Whether we're shaping the future of sustainability, optimizing algorithms, or pioneering AI systems, our teams strive to continuously progress science, advance society, and improve the lives of billions of people.
Software Engineering Intern:
As a key member of a versatile team, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs. We need our engineers to be versatile, and enthusiastic in addressing problems as we continue to push technology forward. You will design, test, deploy, and maintain software solutions as you grow and evolve during your internship.
Site Reliability Intern:
Our engineers create, fix, extend, and scale the code to keep it working and to harden it against all the bad actors of the internet. We drive reliability and performance on a massive scale. You will work on software development projects to keep important business generating-critical systems up and running, from code-level troubleshooting of traffic anomalies to maintenance of our services, from monitoring and alerts to building automation infrastructure.
Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to address some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
US: $118000 - $157000 (USD) + 0% bonus target
Learn more about benefits at Google.
76:Tb1e,Join us for a unique 12-14 week paid internship that offers personal and professional development, an executive speaker series, and community-building. The Software Engineering Internship program will give you an opportunity to work on complex computer science solutions, develop scalable, distributed software systems, and also collaborate on multitudes of smaller projects that have universal appeal. 
We offer a range of internships in either Software Engineering or Site-Reliability Engineering across North America, including the US and Canada. Our recruitment team will determine where you fit best based on your resume.
As a Software Engineering intern, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs. Google is working to advance the state of the art in computing and build the next generation of intelligent systems for all Google products. To achieve this, we work on projects that utilize the latest computer science techniques developed by skilled software developers. Whether we're shaping the future of sustainability, optimizing algorithms, or pioneering AI systems, our teams strive to continuously progress science, advance society, and improve the lives of billions of people.
Software Engineering Intern: 
As a key member of a versatile team, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs. We need our engineers to be versatile, and enthusiastic in addressing new problems as we continue to push technology forward. You will design, test, deploy and maintain software solutions as you grow and evolve during your internship.
Site Reliability Intern: 
Our engineers create, fix, extend and scale the code to keep it working and to harden it against all the bad actors of the internet. We drive reliability and performance on a massive scale. You will work on software development projects to keep important business-critical systems up and running, from code-level troubleshooting of traffic anomalies to maintenance of our services; from monitoring and alerts to building new automation infrastructure. 
Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to address some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. 

US: $98000 - $131000 (USD) + 0% bonus target 

Learn more about benefits at Google.
77:Tb1d,Join us for a unique 12-14 week paid internship that offers personal and professional development, an executive speaker series, and community-building. The Software Engineering Internship program will give you an opportunity to work on complex computer science solutions, develop scalable, distributed software systems, and also collaborate on multitudes of smaller projects that have universal appeal. 
We offer a range of internships in either Software Engineering or Site-Reliability Engineering across North America, including the US and Canada. Our recruitment team will determine where you fit best based on your resume.
As a Software Engineering intern, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs. Google is working to advance the state of the art in computing and build the next generation of intelligent systems for all Google products. To achieve this, we work on projects that utilize the latest computer science techniques developed by skilled software developers. Whether we're shaping the future of sustainability, optimizing algorithms, or pioneering AI systems, our teams strive to continuously progress science, advance society, and improve the lives of billions of people.
Software Engineering Intern: 
As a key member of a versatile team, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs. We need our engineers to be versatile, and enthusiastic in addressing new problems as we continue to push technology forward. You will design, test, deploy and maintain software solutions as you grow and evolve during your internship.
Site Reliability Intern: 
Our engineers create, fix, extend and scale the code to keep it working and to harden it against all the bad actors of the internet. We drive reliability and performance on a massive scale. You will work on software development projects to keep important business-critical systems up and running, from code-level troubleshooting of traffic anomalies to maintenance of our services; from monitoring and alerts to building new automation infrastructure. 
Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to address some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.

US: $98000 - $131000 (USD) + 0% bonus target 

Learn more about benefits at Google.
78:T5cc,At Google, we put users first. The world is always changing so we need Product Managers who are continuously adapting and excited to work on products that affect people every day.
In this role, you will work cross-functionally to guide products from conception to launch by connecting the technical and business worlds. You will break down problems into steps that drive product development.

One of the many reasons Google consistently brings innovative changing products to market is because of the collaborative work done in product management. The team works with creative and prolific engineers, designers, marketers, and more to help design and develop technologies that improve access to the world's information. The team is responsible for guiding products throughout the execution cycle, focusing on analyzing, positioning, packaging, promoting, and tailoring solutions to users.
Google aims to build products that organize the world's information and make it universally accessible to our users. As a Product Manager at Google, you could be working on new technologies, platforms, consumer facing products, and/or enterprise systems. The end goal will be to match you with the team that best aligns with your interests, experience, and where you will have the most impact.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
US: $94000 - $125000 (USD) + 0% bonus target
Learn more about benefits at Google. 
79:T67e,Our thirst for technology is a part of everything we do. Data Center Engineers work on the design, construction, commissioning, and operational phases of the data center's life-cycle. They define data center system-level architectures, specifying performance requirements and creating conceptual design and programming requirements. Engineers may focus on one aspect of data center construction such as site construction, power or cooling facilities, etc. Along with a team of great minds, you take on complex topics like how we use power or how to run state-of-the-art, environmentally-friendly facilities. You're a visionary who optimizes for efficiencies and never stops seeking improvements -- even small changes that can make a huge impact. You generate ideas, communicate recommendations to senior-level executives and drive implementation alongside facilities technicians.
Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to address some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
US: $82000 - $109000 (USD) + 0% bonus target
Learn more about benefits at Google.
7a:T4de,As a Product Design Engineer, you will help to reinvent the shape of electronics: balancing comfort, performance, and appearance. You will work on a team that balances these concepts in an innovative and harmonious design that complements and enables the technology. You will be comfortable working on the borders of risk, actively communicating among a team to establish a design direction, creating prototypes that prove it, and working to scale that prototype.
Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to address some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
US: $86000 - $115000 (USD) + 0% bonus target
Learn more about benefits at Google.
7b:Tba2,Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to address some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. The exact team you would be placed on is determined by business needs. However two teams of interest are our Platforms Infrastructure Engineering team and our Devices and Services team.
The AI and Infrastructure organization at Google designs, implements, and manages the hardware, software, machine learning, and systems infrastructure for all Google services (Search, YouTube, etc.) and Google Cloud. Our end users are Googlers, Cloud customers and the billions of people who use Google services around the world.
We prioritize security, efficiency, and reliability across everything we do - from developing our latest TPUs to running a global network, while driving towards shaping the future of hyperscale computing. Our global impact spans software and hardware, including Google Cloud’s Vertex AI, the leading AI platform for bringing Gemini models to enterprise customers.
As a Hardware Engineering Intern for the Platforms Infrastructure Engineering team, you will help design and build the hardware and software technologies that power all of Google's services. Our computational challenges are complex, enabled by custom hardware designed and made in-house.
Devices and Services’ mission is to transform computing for everyone by creating innovative first-party devices and services that deliver the best of Google. We're committed to cultivating a positive work environment while leading with AI-first experiences and driving silicon innovation for performance.
Our Devices and Services team combines the best of Google AI, Software, and Hardware to create radically helpful experiences for users. We research, design, and develop new technologies and hardware to make our user's interaction with computing faster, seamless, and more powerful. Whether finding new ways to capture and sense the world around us, advancing form factors, or improving interaction methods, the Devices and Services team is making people's lives better through technology.
Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to address some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
US: $86000 - $115000 (USD) + 0% bonus target
Learn more about benefits at Google.
7c:T6cc,Google User Experience (UX) is made up of multi-disciplinary teams of UX Designers, Researchers, Writers, Content Strategists, Program Managers, and Engineers: we care deeply about the people who use our products. The UX team plays an integral part in gathering insights about the attitudes, emotions, and behaviors of people who use our products to inspire and inform design. We collaborate closely with each other and with engineering and product management to create industry-leading products that deliver value for the people who use them, and for Google’s businesses.
As a UX Engineer, you'll work on the front end of our products in a challenging, fast-paced environment, helping to bridge UX best practices and production execution. You’ll demonstrate your creativity, analytical skills, and knowledge of user facing technologies to enable efficient, high quality execution and communications and launch innovative features to a global audience. 
Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to address some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
US: $88000 - $117000 (USD) + 0% bonus target
Learn more about benefits at Google.
7d:T87f,The Google Cloud and AI Infrastructure team focuses on building Google's next-generation systems. The team's work is grounded in creating custom hardware, and as an intern you'll get to collaborate with engineers from various parts of the organization to influence the future of Google Cloud and the AI infrastructure by working on the foundational technology that makes it all possible. This is the hardware that powers everything from Google Cloud, to our most advanced models like Gemini.
As an intern, you will work on fundamental problems at the intersection of hardware, software, and algorithms. You will collaborate with exceptional engineers and researchers on projects that directly impact Google's custom silicon portfolio, including highly specialized AI accelerators like our Tensor Processing Units (TPUs), and complex Systems-on-a-Chip (SoCs). Your responsibilities and projects will be tailored to your expertise and could focus on any part of the system stack.
Google Cloud accelerates every organization’s ability to digitally transform its business and industry. We deliver enterprise-grade solutions that leverage Google’s cutting-edge technology, and tools that help developers build more sustainably. Customers in more than 200 countries and territories turn to Google Cloud as their trusted partner to enable growth and solve their most critical business problems.
Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to address some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
US: $110000 - $147000 (USD) + 0% bonus target
Learn more about benefits at Google.
7e:T640,Join us for a full-time, 12-14 week paid internship that offers personal and professional development, an executive speaker series, and community-building. Research happens across Google everyday, in many different teams. Our research has already impacted user-facing services across Google, including Search, Maps, and Google Now, and is central to the success of Google Cloud and our planet-scale computing, storage, and networking infrastructure.
Research Interns work closely with engineers to discover, invent, and build at the largest scale. From creating experiments and prototyping implementations to designing architectures, Research Interns work on challenges in artificial intelligence, machine perception, data mining, machine learning, natural language understanding, privacy, computer architecture, networking, operating systems, storage and data management, and more.
Google Research addresses challenges that define the technology of today and tomorrow. From conducting research to influencing product development, our research teams have the opportunity to impact technology used by billions of people every day. 

Our teams aspire to make discoveries that impact everyone, and core to our approach is sharing our research and tools to fuel progress in the field -- we publish regularly in academic journals, release projects as open source, and apply research to Google products.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
US: $118000 - $157000 (USD) + 0% bonus target
Learn more about benefits at Google. 
7f:T533,As a Customer and Partner Solutions Engineer, you’ll help Google scale partner integrations, technical solutions, and developer enablement initiatives worldwide with the help of AI and automation. You’ll collaborate with product/engineering, external partners, developers, and internal engineering teams to design, implement, and troubleshoot technical integrations (APIs, SDKs, and platform protocols). Additionally, you’ll build technical innovations and tooling to streamline partner onboarding and resolve technical integration blockers.
Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to address some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
US: $82000 - $109000 (USD) + 0% bonus target
Learn more about benefits at Google. 
80:Tc24,Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to address some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. The exact team you would be placed on is determined by business needs. However two teams of interest are our Cloud Chip Innovation Infrastructure team and our Platforms & Devices Team.
The Google Cloud and AI Infrastructure team focuses on building Google's next-generation systems. The team's work is grounded in creating custom hardware, and as an intern you'll get to collaborate with engineers from various parts of the organization to influence the future of Google Cloud and the AI infrastructure by working on the foundational technology that makes it all possible. This is the hardware that powers everything from Google Cloud, Search, YouTube to our most advanced models like Gemini.
As a Silicon Engineering Intern in Google Cloud’s Chip Innovation Infrastructure team, you will work on fundamental problems at the intersection of hardware, software, and algorithms. You will collaborate with exceptional engineers and researchers on projects that directly impact Google's custom silicon portfolio, including highly specialized AI accelerators like our Tensor Processing Units (TPUs), and complex Systems-on-a-Chip (SoCs). Your responsibilities and projects will be tailored to your expertise and could focus on any part of the system stack.
The Platforms & Devices team combines the best of Google AI, Software, and Hardware to create radically helpful experiences for users. Our Silicon team is responsible for developing custom silicon solutions that deliver differentiated user experiences and optimize performance and power across our Google Hardware products. Our work includes designing cutting-edge Systems-on-a-Chip (SoCs), as well as various mixed signal, logic, and sensor Integrated Circuits (ICs) for our entire product portfolio.
As a Silicon Engineering intern within the P&D Silicon Team, you would join a project that is a critical part of our silicon development process. The team works directly with product teams and other groups across Google to map out chip requirements and ensure our hardware organization is always up-to-date on the latest chip technologies.
Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to address some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
US: $94000 - $125000 (USD) + 0% bonus target
Learn more about benefits at Google.
81:T565,As a Security Engineer Intern, you help protect network boundaries, keep computer systems and network devices hardened against attacks and provide security services to protect highly sensitive data like passwords and customer information. Security Engineers work with a broad range of devices, actively monitoring our systems for attacks and intrusions. We focus on the offensive/testing side and work with software engineers to proactively identify and fix security flaws and vulnerabilities. We also build tools, scripts and other automation to help our project teams achieve Google-scale impact.
Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to address some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
US: $98000 - $131000 (USD) + 0% bonus target
Learn more about benefits at Google.
82:T4e0,User Experience (UX) is made up of multi-disciplinary teams of Designers, Researchers, Writers, Content Strategists, Program Managers, and Engineers who focus on customer experience. We play an integral part in gathering insights about product user needs, attitudes, and behaviors to inspire and inform design. We collaborate closely with each other, engineering, and product management to create products that deliver value for our users and Google’s businesses.
Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to address some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
US: $88000 - $117000 (USD) + 0% bonus target
Learn more about benefits at Google.
83:T6ce,Google User Experience (UX) is made up of multi-disciplinary teams of UX Designers, Researchers, Writers, Content Strategists, Program Managers, and Engineers: we care deeply about the people who use our products. The UX team plays an integral part in gathering insights about the attitudes, emotions, and behaviors of people who use our products to inspire and inform design. We collaborate closely with each other and with engineering and product management to create industry-leading products that deliver value for the people who use them, and for Google’s businesses.
As a UX Engineer, you'll work on the front end of our products in a challenging, fast-paced environment, helping to bridge UX best practices and production execution. You’ll demonstrate your creativity, analytical skills, and knowledge of user facing technologies to enable efficient, high quality execution and communications and launch innovative features to a global audience. 
Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to address some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
US: $106000 - $141000 (USD) + 0% bonus target
Learn more about benefits at Google. 
84:T47b,Design and user experience (UX) are at the forefront of everything we do. The job of a Designer is to envision how people experience our products and bring that vision to life in a way that feels inspired and refined. In this role, you’ll address complex tasks and transform them into intuitive, accessible, and easy-to-use solutions for people around the world.
Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to address some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
US: $88000 - $117000 (USD) + 0% bonus target
Learn more about benefits at Google.
85:T878,Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to address some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. The exact team you would be placed on is determined by business needs. However two teams of interest are our Platforms Infrastructure Engineering team and our Amplify Team.
The AI & Infrastructure organization at Google designs, implements, and manages the hardware, software, machine learning, and systems infrastructure for all Google services (Search, YouTube, etc.) and Google Cloud. Our end users are Googlers, Cloud customers and the billions of people who use Google services around the world.
We prioritize security, efficiency, and reliability across everything we do - from developing our latest TPUs to running a global network, while driving towards shaping the future of hyperscale computing. Our global impact spans software and hardware, including Google Cloud’s Vertex AI, the leading AI platform for bringing Gemini models to enterprise customers.
As a Hardware Engineering Intern for the Platforms Infrastructure Engineering team, you will help design and build the hardware and software technologies that power all of Google's services. Our computational challenges are complex, enabled by custom hardware designed and made in-house.
Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to address some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
US: $106000 - $141000 (USD) + 0% bonus target
Learn more about benefits at Google.
86:T447,User Experience (UX) is made up of multi-disciplinary teams of Designers, Researchers, Writers, Content Strategists, Program Managers, and Engineers who focus on customer experience. We play an integral part in gathering insights about product user needs, attitudes, and behaviors to inspire and inform design. 
Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to address some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
US: $106000 - $141000 (USD) + 0% bonus target
Learn more about benefits at Google.
87:T92d,The Student Researcher Program fosters academic collaborations by hiring students onto research projects aligned to company priorities in scientific advancement. The program offers placements on teams across Google, for research, engineering, and science roles. As a Student Researcher, you will have the opportunity to participate in research projects focused on developing solutions for real-world, large-scale problems.
Student Researcher projects are exploratory and experiences that drive scientific advancement across a multitude of research areas. Students will work collaboratively on projects that explore innovative research challenges and support the creation of breakthrough technologies.
Projects vary in duration and location based on team and student requirements. It is required that you are located in one of the specific country locations identified for this role for the full duration of the engagement. When you apply, you will be considered for Student Researcher positions across all of Google's research teams including Google DeepMind, Google Research, Google Cloud and more. This allows us to find the right project match for your skills and interests.
Researchers across Google are working to advance the state of the art in computing and build the next generation of intelligent systems for all Google products. To achieve this, we invest in foundational research and work on projects that utilize the latest computer science techniques developed by skilled software developers and research scientists. Whether we're shaping the future of sustainability, optimizing algorithms, or pioneering AI systems, our teams strive to continuously progress science, advance society, and improve the lives of billions of people.
The US base salary range for this full-time position is $118,000-$157,000. Our salary ranges are determined by role, level, and location. Within the range, individual pay is determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process.

Please note that the compensation details listed in US role postings reflect the base salary only, and do not include bonus, equity, or benefits. Learn more about benefits at Google.
88:T92b,The Student Researcher Program fosters academic collaborations by hiring students onto research projects aligned to company priorities in scientific advancement. The program offers placements on teams across Google, for research, engineering, and science roles. As a Student Researcher, you will have the opportunity to participate in research projects focused on developing solutions for real-world, large-scale problems.
Student Researcher projects are exploratory and experiences that drive scientific advancement across a multitude of research areas. Students will work collaboratively on projects that explore innovative research challenges and support the creation of breakthrough technologies.
Projects vary in duration and location based on team and student requirements. It is required that you are located in one of the specific country locations identified for this role for the full duration of the engagement. When you apply, you will be considered for Student Researcher positions across all of Google's research teams including Google DeepMind, Google Research, Google Cloud and more. This allows us to find the right project match for your skills and interests
Researchers across Google are working to advance the state of the art in computing and build the next generation of intelligent systems for all Google products. To achieve this, we invest in foundational research and work on projects that utilize the latest computer science techniques developed by skilled software developers and research scientists. Whether we're shaping the future of sustainability, optimizing algorithms, or pioneering AI systems, our teams strive to continuously progress science, advance society, and improve the lives of billions of people.
The US base salary range for this full-time position is $98,000-$131,000. Our salary ranges are determined by role, level, and location. Within the range, individual pay is determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process.

Please note that the compensation details listed in US role postings reflect the base salary only, and do not include bonus, equity, or benefits. Learn more about benefits at Google.
89:Tb18,In accordance with Washington state law, we are highlighting our comprehensive benefits package, which is available to all eligible US based Interns. Benefits for this role include:
Health, dental, vision insurance
Sick Time: 40 hours/year (increased to 69 hours/year for Seattle) including 5 discretionary sick days per instance
Holidays: 13 paid days per year
This role may also be located in our Playa Vista, CA campus.
Applicants in the County of Los Angeles: Qualified applications with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment in accordance with the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act.
Applicants in San Francisco: Qualified applications with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment in accordance with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act.
---
The Student Researcher Program fosters academic collaborations by hiring students onto research projects aligned to company priorities in scientific advancement. The program offers placements on teams across Google, for research, engineering, and science roles. As a Student Researcher, you will have the opportunity to participate in research projects focused on developing solutions for real-world, large-scale problems.
Student Researcher projects are exploratory and experiences that drive scientific advancement across a multitude of research areas. Students will work collaboratively on projects that explore innovative research challenges and support the creation of breakthrough technologies.
Projects vary in duration and location based on team and student requirements. It is required that you are located in one of the specific country locations identified for this role for the full duration of the engagement. When you apply, you will be considered for Student Researcher positions across all of Google's research teams including DeepMind, Google Research, Google Cloud and more. This allows us to find the right project match for your skills and interests.
Researchers across Google are working to advance the state of the art in computing and build the next generation of intelligent systems for all Google products. To achieve this, we invest in foundational research and work on projects that utilize the latest computer science techniques developed by skilled software developers and research scientists. Whether we're shaping the future of sustainability, optimizing algorithms, or pioneering AI systems, our teams strive to continuously progress science, advance society, and improve the lives of billions of people.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
US: $118000 - $157000 (USD) + 0% bonus target
Learn more about benefits at Google.
8a:Tb18,This role may also be located in our Playa Vista, CA campus.
Applicants in the County of Los Angeles: Qualified applications with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment in accordance with the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act. 
Applicants in San Francisco: Qualified applications with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment in accordance with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act.
In accordance with Washington state law, we are highlighting our comprehensive benefits package, which is available to all eligible US based Interns. Benefits for this role include:
Health, dental, vision insurance
Sick Time: 40 hours/year (increased to 69 hours/year for Seattle) including 5 discretionary sick days per instance
Holidays: 13 paid days per year
---
The Student Researcher Program fosters academic collaborations by hiring students onto research projects aligned to company priorities in scientific advancement. The program offers placements on teams across Google, for research, engineering, and science roles. As a Student Researcher, you will have the opportunity to participate in research projects focused on developing solutions for real-world, large-scale problems.
Student Researcher projects are exploratory and experiences that drive scientific advancement across a multitude of research areas. Students will work collaboratively on projects that explore innovative research challenges and support the creation of breakthrough technologies.
Projects vary in duration and location based on team and student requirements. It is required that you are located in one of the specific country locations identified for this role for the full duration of the engagement. When you apply, you will be considered for Student Researcher positions across all of Google's research teams including DeepMind, Google Research, Google Cloud and more. This allows us to find the right project match for your skills and interests.
Researchers across Google are working to advance the state of the art in computing and build the next generation of intelligent systems for all Google products. To achieve this, we invest in foundational research and work on projects that utilize the latest computer science techniques developed by skilled software developers and research scientists. Whether we're shaping the future of sustainability, optimizing algorithms, or pioneering AI systems, our teams strive to continuously progress science, advance society, and improve the lives of billions of people.
Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.
US: $98000 - $131000 (USD) + 0% bonus target
Learn more about benefits at Google.
8b:T665,Research happens at Google everyday, on many different embedded teams throughout the company. Our research reaches the user through both services and products such as Search, Maps, Google Assistant, Google Translate, Google Cloud, and our computing, storage, and networking infrastructure. To achieve this, we’re working on projects that utilize the latest technologies that push the boundaries of what is possible. At Google, research-focused engineering interns are embedded throughout the company, contributing to the setup of large-scale tests and deploying promising ideas quickly and broadly. Ideas may come from internal projects as well as from collaborations with research programs at partner universities and technical institutes all over the world. From creating experiments and prototyping implementations to designing architectures, research-focused engineering interns work on real-world problems including artificial intelligence, data mining, natural language processing, hardware and software performance analysis, improving compilers for mobile platforms, as well as core search and more. 
Google Research addresses challenges that define the technology of today and tomorrow. From conducting fundamental research to influencing product development, our research teams have the opportunity to impact technology used by billions of people every day. 

Our teams aspire to make discoveries that impact everyone, and core to our approach is sharing our research and tools to fuel progress in the field -- we publish regularly in academic journals, release projects as open source, and apply research to Google products.
8c:T7ac,As an Intern, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs. Google is working to advance the state of the art in computing and build the next generation of intelligent systems for all Google products. To achieve this, we work on projects that utilize the latest computer science techniques developed by skilled software developers. Whether we're shaping the future of sustainability, optimizing algorithms, or pioneering AI systems, our teams strive to continuously progress science, advance society, and improve the lives of billions of people.
Software Engineering Intern:
As a key member of a versatile team, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs. We need our engineers to be versatile, and enthusiastic in addressing new problems as we continue to push technology forward. You will design, test, deploy and maintain software solutions as you grow and evolve during your internship.

Site Reliability Intern: 
Our engineers create, fix, extend and scale the code to keep it working and to harden it against all the bad actors of the internet. We drive reliability and performance on a massive scale. You will work on software development projects to keep important business-critical systems up and running, from code-level troubleshooting of traffic anomalies to maintenance of our services; from monitoring and alerts to building new automation infrastructure. 
Google is an engineering company at heart. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on users around the world. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, social to local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.
8d:T677,We offer a range of internships in either Software Engineering or Site-Reliability Engineering across EMEA. Durations and start dates will vary according to project and location. Our recruitment team will determine where you fit best based on your resume.
Software Engineering Intern:
As a key member of a versatile team, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs. We need our engineers to be versatile, and enthusiastic in addressing problems as we continue to push technology forward. You will design, test, deploy and maintain software solutions as you grow and evolve during your internship.

Site Reliability Intern:
Our engineers create, fix, extend and scale the code to keep it working and to harden it against all the bad actors of the internet. We drive reliability and performance on a massive scale. You will work on software development projects to keep important business generating-critical systems up and running, from code-level troubleshooting of traffic anomalies to maintenance of our services; from monitoring and alerts to building automation infrastructure.
Google is an engineering company at heart. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on users around the world. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, social to local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.
8e:T79e,Google's known for our innovative technologies, products and services -- and for the people behind them. Whether you are making our staffing systems more efficient, planning for our growth, building relationships on college campuses or cultivating the next generation of computer scientists, you have an eye on the staffing needs of Google and the broader hiring landscape. You are focused on cultivating outstanding candidates for Google's long-term hiring needs, and work across a cross-functional and international group of staffing teams. You are both scrappy and resourceful, creative and driven -- and excited to share the magic of working at Google.
Dive into the exciting world of talent engagement! Join our dynamic PhD Programs and Recruiting team as a Student Researcher Program Manager and serve as the strategic owner of the Student Researcher Program (SRP) across EMEA.
In this role, you will act as the bridge between the external academic world and Google’s most advanced research teams, including DeepMind and Google Research. You will move beyond execution to architect the future of the program, from influencing demand with senior technical leadership to designing high-impact engagement strategies for the world’s most interesting PhD talent. You will represent the program at premier global research conferences and lead the strategy for community building, ensuring that Student Researchers have a experience through curated events, mentorship, and an internal PhD Council.
Great just isn't good enough for our People Operations team (known elsewhere as "Human Resources"). We bring the world's most innovative people to Google and provide the programs that help them thrive. Whether recruiting the next Googler, refining our core programs, developing talent, or simply looking for ways to inject some more fun into the lives of our Googlers, we bring a data-driven approach that is reinventing the human resources field. 
4:["$","main",null,{"className":"page-module__y7FWBq__page","children":[["$","section",null,{"className":"page-module__y7FWBq__hero","children":[["$","div",null,{"className":"page-module__y7FWBq__eyebrow","children":[104," companies - Internship tracker"]}],["$","h1",null,{"className":"page-module__y7FWBq__title","children":"Internships across major tech careers sites."}],["$","p",null,{"className":"page-module__y7FWBq__lede","children":"This version queries official careers surfaces, normalizes internship roles, and monitors early-talent programs in Canada, the United States, the United Kingdom, and Singapore."}],["$","div",null,{"className":"page-module__y7FWBq__metaRow","children":[["$","div",null,{"className":"page-module__y7FWBq__metaCard","children":[["$","span",null,{"className":"page-module__y7FWBq__metaLabel","children":"Source"}],["$","span",null,{"className":"page-module__y7FWBq__metaValue","children":"Official careers sites"}]]}],["$","div",null,{"className":"page-module__y7FWBq__metaCard","children":[["$","span",null,{"className":"page-module__y7FWBq__metaLabel","children":"Tracked roles"}],["$","span",null,{"className":"page-module__y7FWBq__metaValue","children":445}]]}],["$","div",null,{"className":"page-module__y7FWBq__metaCard","children":[["$","span",null,{"className":"page-module__y7FWBq__metaLabel","children":"Tracked companies"}],["$","span",null,{"className":"page-module__y7FWBq__metaValue","children":[104," employers"]}]]}],["$","div",null,{"className":"page-module__y7FWBq__metaCard","children":[["$","span",null,{"className":"page-module__y7FWBq__metaLabel","children":"Last refresh"}],["$","span",null,{"className":"page-module__y7FWBq__metaValue","children":"Sep 24, 2026, 8:41 AM"}]]}]]}]]}],["$","section",null,{"className":"page-module__y7FWBq__section","children":[["$","h2",null,{"className":"page-module__y7FWBq__sectionTitle","children":"Open roles and early-talent programs"}],["$","$Ld",null,{"jobs":[{"company":"Qualcomm","sourceCompany":"qualcomm","sourceType":"github-simplify-list","sourceName":"Simplify Summer 2027 Internships","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/SimplifyJobs/Summer2027-Internships","jobId":"github-simplify-list:6d3546908d455cd5869a","title":"Firmware Development Intern - PAL","locationText":"Markham, ON, Canada","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Markham","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.337Z","applyUrl":"https://qualcomm.eightfold.ai/careers/job/446721229661?utm_source=Simplify&ref=Simplify","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Simplify / Pitt CSC"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.337Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://qualcomm.eightfold.ai/careers/job/446721229661","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Microsoft","sourceCompany":"microsoft","sourceType":"microsoft-pcsx","jobId":"1970393557004836","title":"Product Manager: Internship Opportunities","locationText":"United States, California, Mountain View","countryCode":"US","city":"Mountain View","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-23T16:52:05.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393557004836?hl=en","tags":["Product Management","onsite"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:49.955Z","descriptionText":"$e","key":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393557004836?hl=en","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Microsoft","sourceCompany":"microsoft","sourceType":"microsoft-pcsx","jobId":"1970393557004819","title":"Software Engineer: Intern Opportunity for University Students","locationText":"United States, California, Mountain View","countryCode":"US","city":"Mountain View","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-23T16:21:44.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393557004819?hl=en","tags":["Software Engineering","onsite"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:49.955Z","descriptionText":"$f","key":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393557004819?hl=en","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Electronic Arts","sourceCompany":"electronic-arts","sourceType":"github-simplify-list","sourceName":"Simplify Summer 2027 Internships","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/SimplifyJobs/Summer2027-Internships","jobId":"github-simplify-list:e8f7398197335ecd3813","title":"Rendering Engineer Intern - Apex Legends","locationText":"Vancouver, BC, Canada","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Vancouver","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-23T08:39:15.337Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.ea.com/en_US/careers/JobDetail/Rendering-Engineer-Intern/216222?utm_source=Simplify&ref=Simplify","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Simplify / Pitt CSC"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.337Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.ea.com/en_US/careers/JobDetail/Rendering-Engineer-Intern/216222","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"NVIDIA","sourceCompany":"nvidia","sourceType":"nvidia-workday","jobId":"JR2025025","title":"PhD Research Intern, Physical AI - Foundation Models - 2027","locationText":"US, CA, Santa Clara","countryCode":"US","city":"Santa Clara","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-23T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/PhD-Research-Intern--Generative-AI-for-Physical-AI---2027_JR2025025","tags":["NVIDIA Careers","2100 NVIDIA USA"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:41:24.377Z","descriptionText":"$10","key":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/PhD-Research-Intern--Generative-AI-for-Physical-AI---2027_JR2025025","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"NVIDIA","sourceCompany":"nvidia","sourceType":"nvidia-workday","jobId":"JR2026471","title":"PhD Research Intern, Electronic Design Automation - 2027","locationText":"US, CA, Santa Clara","countryCode":"US","city":"Santa Clara","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-23T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/PhD-Research-Intern--Electronic-Design-Automation---2027_JR2026471","tags":["NVIDIA Careers","2100 NVIDIA USA"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:41:24.377Z","descriptionText":"$11","key":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/PhD-Research-Intern--Electronic-Design-Automation---2027_JR2026471","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"NVIDIA","sourceCompany":"nvidia","sourceType":"nvidia-workday","jobId":"JR2026004","title":"PhD Research Intern, Quantum Simulation and AI - 2027","locationText":"US, CA, Santa Clara","countryCode":"US","city":"Santa Clara","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-23T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/PhD-Research-Intern--Quantum-Simulation-and-AI---2027_JR2026004","tags":["NVIDIA Careers","2100 NVIDIA USA"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:41:24.377Z","descriptionText":"$12","key":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/PhD-Research-Intern--Quantum-Simulation-and-AI---2027_JR2026004","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0287001","title":"Technology Research 2D Transistor Engineer Intern","locationText":"USA - OR - Hillsboro","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - OR - Hillsboro","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-23T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Technology-Research-2D-Transistor-Engineer-Intern_JR0287001","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:40:04.347Z","descriptionText":"$13","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Technology-Research-2D-Transistor-Engineer-Intern_JR0287001","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"NVIDIA","sourceCompany":"nvidia","sourceType":"nvidia-workday","jobId":"JR2025784","title":"Product Design Intern, AI Infrastructure - Summer 2027","locationText":"US, CA, Santa Clara","countryCode":"US","city":"Santa Clara","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-22T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/Product-Design-Intern--AI-Infrastructure---Summer-2027_JR2025784","tags":["NVIDIA Careers","2100 NVIDIA USA"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:41:24.377Z","descriptionText":"$14","key":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/Product-Design-Intern--AI-Infrastructure---Summer-2027_JR2025784","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"NVIDIA","sourceCompany":"nvidia","sourceType":"nvidia-workday","jobId":"JR2025511","title":"Physical Design and Timing Engineer Intern - Summer 2027","locationText":"US, CA, Santa Clara","countryCode":"US","city":"Santa Clara","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-22T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/Physical-Design-and-Timing-Engineer-Intern---Summer-2027_JR2025511","tags":["NVIDIA Careers","2100 NVIDIA USA"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:41:24.377Z","descriptionText":"$15","key":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/Physical-Design-and-Timing-Engineer-Intern---Summer-2027_JR2025511","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Microsoft","sourceCompany":"microsoft","sourceType":"microsoft-pcsx","jobId":"1970393556962157","title":"Security Research INTERN","locationText":"United States, Washington, Redmond","countryCode":"US","city":"Redmond","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-21T23:29:25.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556962157?hl=en","tags":["Security Research","onsite"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:49.955Z","descriptionText":"$16","key":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556962157?hl=en","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Microsoft","sourceCompany":"microsoft","sourceType":"microsoft-pcsx","jobId":"1970393556998658","title":"Critical Environment Ops INTERN","locationText":"Canada, Ontario, Toronto","countryCode":"CA","city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-21T21:10:26.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556998658?hl=en","tags":["Critical Environment Ops","onsite"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:49.955Z","descriptionText":"$17","key":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556998658?hl=en","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Microsoft","sourceCompany":"microsoft","sourceType":"microsoft-pcsx","jobId":"1970393556999301","title":"Finance Manager: MBA Internship Opportunities","locationText":"United States, Washington, Redmond","countryCode":"US","city":"Redmond","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-21T07:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556999301?hl=en","tags":["Financial Analysis","onsite"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:49.955Z","descriptionText":"$18","key":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556999301?hl=en","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Microsoft","sourceCompany":"microsoft","sourceType":"microsoft-pcsx","jobId":"1970393556999320","title":"Treasury Finance Manager: MBA Internship Opportunities","locationText":"United States, Washington, Redmond","countryCode":"US","city":"Redmond","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-21T07:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556999320?hl=en","tags":["Financial Analysis","onsite"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:49.955Z","descriptionText":"$19","key":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556999320?hl=en","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"NVIDIA","sourceCompany":"nvidia","sourceType":"nvidia-workday","jobId":"JR2025405","title":"PhD Research Intern, Learning Embodied Skills from Human Data - 2027","locationText":"US, CA, Santa Clara","countryCode":"US","city":"Santa Clara","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-21T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/PhD-Research-Intern--Learning-Embodied-Skills-from-Human-Data---2027_JR2025405","tags":["NVIDIA Careers","2100 NVIDIA USA"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:41:24.377Z","descriptionText":"$1a","key":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/PhD-Research-Intern--Learning-Embodied-Skills-from-Human-Data---2027_JR2025405","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"NVIDIA","sourceCompany":"nvidia","sourceType":"nvidia-workday","jobId":"JR2025098","title":"PhD Research Intern, Networking - 2027","locationText":"US, CA, Santa Clara","countryCode":"US","city":"Santa Clara","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-21T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/PhD-Research-Intern--Networking---2027_JR2025098","tags":["NVIDIA Careers","2100 NVIDIA USA"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:41:24.377Z","descriptionText":"$1b","key":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/PhD-Research-Intern--Networking---2027_JR2025098","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"NVIDIA","sourceCompany":"nvidia","sourceType":"nvidia-workday","jobId":"JR2025647","title":"Research Intern, Robotics - Summer 2027","locationText":"US, WA, Seattle","countryCode":"US","city":"Seattle","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-21T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-WA-Seattle/Research-Intern--Robotics---Summer-2027_JR2025647","tags":["NVIDIA Careers","2100 NVIDIA USA"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:41:24.377Z","descriptionText":"$1c","key":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-WA-Seattle/Research-Intern--Robotics---Summer-2027_JR2025647","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"NVIDIA","sourceCompany":"nvidia","sourceType":"nvidia-workday","jobId":"JR2024997","title":"PhD Research Intern, Quantum and AI for Chemistry - 2027","locationText":"Canada, Toronto","countryCode":"CA","city":"Canada","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-21T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/Canada-Toronto/PhD-Research-Intern--Quantum-and-AI-for-Chemistry---2027_JR2024997","tags":["NVIDIA Careers","CA01 NVIDIA Canada Dev. Inc."],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:41:24.377Z","descriptionText":"$1d","key":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/Canada-Toronto/PhD-Research-Intern--Quantum-and-AI-for-Chemistry---2027_JR2024997","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Mercury","sourceCompany":"mercury","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:3261da35827bcc5c1f09","title":"Software Engineering Intern","locationText":"Remote, Canada","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Remote","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-21T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/mercury/jobs/6199367004","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/mercury/jobs/6199367004","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0287132","title":"Process Integration and Yield Engineering PhD Intern","locationText":"USA - OR - Hillsboro","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - OR - Hillsboro","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-20T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Process-Integration-and-Yield-Engineering-PhD-Intern_JR0287132","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:40:04.347Z","descriptionText":"$1e","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Process-Integration-and-Yield-Engineering-PhD-Intern_JR0287132","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Microsoft","sourceCompany":"microsoft","sourceType":"microsoft-pcsx","jobId":"1970393557002608","title":"Hardware Engineering Internship (6-Month Program)","locationText":"United States, Washington, Redmond","countryCode":"US","city":"Redmond","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-19T00:26:20.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393557002608?hl=en","tags":["Hardware Engineering","onsite"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:49.955Z","descriptionText":"$1f","key":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393557002608?hl=en","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Achievers","sourceCompany":"achievers","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:e60a4846ea567298680b","title":"Software Engineer Co-op","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-19T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.lever.co/achievers/e0700fce-b33b-435a-ab90-84bbd677e181/","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.lever.co/achievers/e0700fce-b33b-435a-ab90-84bbd677e181/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Autodesk","sourceCompany":"autodesk","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:c16f1ac7be6d166fd094","title":"Product Management Intern","locationText":"Montreal, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-19T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://autodesk.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/uni/job/Montreal-QC-CAN/Product-Management-Intern--Stagiaire-Gestion-de-Produit_26WD101135-1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://autodesk.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/uni/job/Montreal-QC-CAN/Product-Management-Intern--Stagiaire-Gestion-de-Produit_26WD101135-1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Microsoft","sourceCompany":"microsoft","sourceType":"microsoft-pcsx","jobId":"1970393556982258","title":"Software Engineering Internship (6-month Program)","locationText":"United States, California, Santa Clara","countryCode":"US","city":"Santa Clara","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-18T01:23:13.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556982258?hl=en","tags":["Software Engineering","onsite"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:49.955Z","descriptionText":"$20","key":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556982258?hl=en","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Microsoft","sourceCompany":"microsoft","sourceType":"microsoft-pcsx","jobId":"1970393556982259","title":"Silicon Engineering Internship (6-month Program)","locationText":"United States, California, Mountain View","countryCode":"US","city":"Mountain View","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-18T01:20:55.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556982259?hl=en","tags":["Silicon Engineering","onsite"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:49.955Z","descriptionText":"$21","key":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556982259?hl=en","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Microsoft","sourceCompany":"microsoft","sourceType":"microsoft-pcsx","jobId":"1970393556982262","title":"Electrical Engineering Internship (6-Month Program)","locationText":"United States, Washington, Seattle","countryCode":"US","city":"Seattle","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-18T01:19:13.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556982262?hl=en","tags":["Electrical Engineering","onsite"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:49.955Z","descriptionText":"$22","key":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556982262?hl=en","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"The Brattle Group","sourceCompany":"the-brattle-group","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:1d9605140bdbec9c84fb","title":"Energy Analyst Intern (Economics)","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-18T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/thebrattlegroup/jobs/4736066005","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/thebrattlegroup/jobs/4736066005","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Qualcomm","sourceCompany":"qualcomm","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:f5052ab4d03eab3b5a4e","title":"IP Applications Engineering Intern","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-18T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://qualcomm.eightfold.ai/careers/job/446721156615","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://qualcomm.eightfold.ai/careers/job/446721156615","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Qualcomm","sourceCompany":"qualcomm","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:336deb596dbd0a6c8741","title":"MSIP Digital Design Verification Engineering Intern","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-18T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://qualcomm.eightfold.ai/careers/job/446721156800","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://qualcomm.eightfold.ai/careers/job/446721156800","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Qualcomm","sourceCompany":"qualcomm","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:e1ceeebabd25143cc20f","title":"Silicon Validation Engineer, Electrical and Optical Systems Internship","locationText":"Ottawa, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Ottawa","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-18T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://qualcomm.eightfold.ai/careers/job/446721156176","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://qualcomm.eightfold.ai/careers/job/446721156176","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"FluidAI Medical","sourceCompany":"fluidai-medical","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:ff6769a4419f9f1e4046","title":"Data and AI Engineering Associate","locationText":"Kitchener, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Kitchener","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"student","postedAt":"2026-09-18T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://ats.rippling.com/fluidai-medical-careers/jobs/e52b9e0d-0c04-42be-8da6-288203e18e52","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://ats.rippling.com/fluidai-medical-careers/jobs/e52b9e0d-0c04-42be-8da6-288203e18e52","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"BGIS","sourceCompany":"bgis","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:c7b4a510988033534436","title":"Asset Management Analyst Intern","locationText":"Markham, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Markham","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-18T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://fa-evcg-saasfaprod1.fa.ocs.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX_1/job/233080","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://fa-evcg-saasfaprod1.fa.ocs.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX_1/job/233080","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Amazon","sourceCompany":"amazon","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:1391b85eb5dd0888d261","title":"Software Development Engineer Intern","locationText":"Vancouver, BC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Vancouver","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-18T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://amazon.jobs/en/jobs/10553947/software-development-engineer-intern-summer-2027-can","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://amazon.jobs/en/jobs/10553947/software-development-engineer-intern-summer-2027-can","hot":true,"hidden":false},{"company":"Qualcomm","sourceCompany":"qualcomm","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:5cc8f823993c19845c6a","title":"Low Power AI Software Development Internship","locationText":"Markham, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Markham","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-18T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://qualcomm.eightfold.ai/careers/job/446721143440","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://qualcomm.eightfold.ai/careers/job/446721143440","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Qualcomm","sourceCompany":"qualcomm","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:61cc58f41f8992fe6759","title":"Silicon Validation Intern","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-18T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://qualcomm.eightfold.ai/careers/job/446721143274","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://qualcomm.eightfold.ai/careers/job/446721143274","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"TRC Companies","sourceCompany":"trc-companies","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:f82f7d30a62b977d0d43","title":"Software Engineer Intern","locationText":"Calgary, AB","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Calgary","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-18T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers.trccompanies.com/jobs/26840?icims=1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://careers.trccompanies.com/jobs/26840?icims=1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Rockwell Automation","sourceCompany":"rockwell-automation","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:f07ee416458dc1d99c65","title":"Robotics Research Co-op, Data Engineering","locationText":"Waterloo, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Waterloo","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-18T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://rockwellautomation.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External-Rockwell-Automation-Early-Careers/job/Waterloo-Ontario-Canada/Co-op--Robotics-Research---Data-Engineering--OTTO-at-Rockwell-Automation-_R26-6871","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://rockwellautomation.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External-Rockwell-Automation-Early-Careers/job/Waterloo-Ontario-Canada/Co-op--Robotics-Research---Data-Engineering--OTTO-at-Rockwell-Automation-_R26-6871","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Sun Life","sourceCompany":"sun-life","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:b636ae915a2b577217c9","title":"Martech Software Engineer","locationText":"Waterloo, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Waterloo","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"student","postedAt":"2026-09-18T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://sunlife.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/Campus/job/Waterloo-Ontario/Student--MarTech-Software-Engineer--Winter-2027-_JR00128038","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://sunlife.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/Campus/job/Waterloo-Ontario/Student--MarTech-Software-Engineer--Winter-2027-_JR00128038","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"NVIDIA","sourceCompany":"nvidia","sourceType":"nvidia-workday","jobId":"JR2024174","title":"PhD Research Intern, Circuits - 2027","locationText":"US, CA, Santa Clara","countryCode":"US","city":"Santa Clara","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-17T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/PhD-Research-Intern--Circuits---2027_JR2024174","tags":["NVIDIA Careers","2100 NVIDIA USA"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:41:24.377Z","descriptionText":"$23","key":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/PhD-Research-Intern--Circuits---2027_JR2024174","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"NVIDIA","sourceCompany":"nvidia","sourceType":"nvidia-workday","jobId":"JR2025893","title":"PhD Research Intern, Hardware and Systems Architecture - 2027","locationText":"US, CA, Santa Clara","countryCode":"US","city":"Santa Clara","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-17T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/PhD-Research-Intern--Hardware-and-Systems-Architecture---2027_JR2025893","tags":["NVIDIA Careers","2100 NVIDIA USA"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:41:24.377Z","descriptionText":"$24","key":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/PhD-Research-Intern--Hardware-and-Systems-Architecture---2027_JR2025893","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"NVIDIA","sourceCompany":"nvidia","sourceType":"nvidia-workday","jobId":"JR2025103","title":"PhD Research Intern, Generalist Embodied Agents Research - 2027","locationText":"US, CA, Santa Clara","countryCode":"US","city":"Santa Clara","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-17T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/PhD-Research-Intern--Generalist-Embodied-Agents-Research---2027_JR2025103","tags":["NVIDIA Careers","2100 NVIDIA USA"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:41:24.377Z","descriptionText":"$25","key":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/PhD-Research-Intern--Generalist-Embodied-Agents-Research---2027_JR2025103","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"NVIDIA","sourceCompany":"nvidia","sourceType":"nvidia-workday","jobId":"JR2025395","title":"PhD Research Intern, Architecture – 2027","locationText":"US, CA, Santa Clara","countryCode":"US","city":"Santa Clara","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-17T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/PhD-Research-Intern--Architecture---2027_JR2025395","tags":["NVIDIA Careers","2100 NVIDIA USA"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:41:24.377Z","descriptionText":"$26","key":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/PhD-Research-Intern--Architecture---2027_JR2025395","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Tower Research Capital","sourceCompany":"tower-research-capital","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:a25604294bd5d0479bc1","title":"Software Developer Intern","locationText":"Montreal, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-17T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://www.tower-research.com/open-positions/?gh_jid=8212179","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://www.tower-research.com/open-positions/?gh_jid=8212179","hot":true,"hidden":false},{"company":"Qualcomm","sourceCompany":"qualcomm","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:ad5697429398d4277fef","title":"MSIP Design Methodology Engineering Internship","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-17T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://qualcomm.eightfold.ai/careers/job/446721140936","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://qualcomm.eightfold.ai/careers/job/446721140936","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Qualcomm","sourceCompany":"qualcomm","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:d7fa97c66684c57019d1","title":"Firmware/Embedded Software Engineering Internship","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-17T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://qualcomm.eightfold.ai/careers/job/446721141411","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://qualcomm.eightfold.ai/careers/job/446721141411","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Qualcomm","sourceCompany":"qualcomm","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:b8de082a96bca8ccd05b","title":"Physical Mixed Layout Engineering Internship","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-17T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://qualcomm.eightfold.ai/careers/job/446721142985","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://qualcomm.eightfold.ai/careers/job/446721142985","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Qualcomm","sourceCompany":"qualcomm","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:08785508fd09a2aa2692","title":"Analog Design Intern","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-17T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://qualcomm.eightfold.ai/careers/job/446721140914","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://qualcomm.eightfold.ai/careers/job/446721140914","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"4AG Robotics","sourceCompany":"4ag-robotics","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:ec2740360df455efb09c","title":"AI Co-op Student","locationText":"Salmon Arm, BC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Salmon Arm","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-17T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://ats.rippling.com/4ag/jobs/921801f5-ae83-4a49-a234-221a87d94fe7","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://ats.rippling.com/4ag/jobs/921801f5-ae83-4a49-a234-221a87d94fe7","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"4AG Robotics","sourceCompany":"4ag-robotics","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:470d02c33b631e8e225c","title":"Robotics Software Co-op","locationText":"Salmon Arm, BC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Salmon Arm","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-17T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://ats.rippling.com/4ag/jobs/71d97d10-87f2-4f53-88b7-97f27f392d24","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://ats.rippling.com/4ag/jobs/71d97d10-87f2-4f53-88b7-97f27f392d24","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Kinaxis","sourceCompany":"kinaxis","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:c146505393403efa3cea","title":"AI Quality Co-op Intern, Evaluation & Security","locationText":"Ottawa, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Ottawa","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-17T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers-kinaxis.icims.com/jobs/35378/job?mobile=true&needsRedirect=false","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://careers-kinaxis.icims.com/jobs/35378/job?mobile=true&needsRedirect=false","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Kinaxis","sourceCompany":"kinaxis","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:c9cf067b5ca00e54809c","title":"Developer Intern Co-op, AI Innovation","locationText":"Ottawa, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Ottawa","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-17T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers-kinaxis.icims.com/jobs/35377/job?mobile=true&needsRedirect=false","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://careers-kinaxis.icims.com/jobs/35377/job?mobile=true&needsRedirect=false","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Alayacare","sourceCompany":"alayacare","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:4ad50208b783210689c2","title":"Fullstack Developer Intern","locationText":"Montreal, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-17T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://alayacare.com/open-positions?gh_jid=8811336002","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://alayacare.com/open-positions?gh_jid=8811336002","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"British Columbia Investment","sourceCompany":"british-columbia-investment","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:28a5dfdb52899f1acf15","title":"Investment Risk Analytics Solutions Co-op Intern","locationText":"Victoria, BC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Victoria","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-17T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://bci.wd10.myworkdayjobs.com/BCI_Careers/job/Victoria-BC/Investment-Risk-Analytics-Solutions-Co-op-Internship--Winter-2027-_JR101608","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://bci.wd10.myworkdayjobs.com/BCI_Careers/job/Victoria-BC/Investment-Risk-Analytics-Solutions-Co-op-Internship--Winter-2027-_JR101608","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"British Columbia Investment","sourceCompany":"british-columbia-investment","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:531b9a66629eca870ca3","title":"AI and Automation Engineer Co-op Intern","locationText":"Victoria, BC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Victoria","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-17T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://bci.wd10.myworkdayjobs.com/BCI_Careers/job/Victoria-BC/AI-and-Automation-Engineer-Co-op-Internship--Winter---Summer-2027-_JR101597-1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://bci.wd10.myworkdayjobs.com/BCI_Careers/job/Victoria-BC/AI-and-Automation-Engineer-Co-op-Internship--Winter---Summer-2027-_JR101597-1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"British Columbia Investment","sourceCompany":"british-columbia-investment","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:786d09f39a096b5f2a94","title":"Technology Solutions Engineer Co-op/Intern","locationText":"Victoria, BC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Victoria","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-17T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://bci.wd10.myworkdayjobs.com/BCI_Careers/job/Victoria-BC/Technology-Solutions-Engineer-Co-op-Internship--Winter-2027-_JR101601","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://bci.wd10.myworkdayjobs.com/BCI_Careers/job/Victoria-BC/Technology-Solutions-Engineer-Co-op-Internship--Winter-2027-_JR101601","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"British Columbia Investment","sourceCompany":"british-columbia-investment","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:bf84f586dc08c3a6701e","title":"Software Engineer Co-op Intern, Investment Tech/Data & Analytics","locationText":"Victoria, BC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Victoria","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-17T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://bci.wd10.myworkdayjobs.com/BCI_Careers/job/Victoria-BC/Investment-Tech-Data---Analytics----Software-Engineer-Co-op-Internship--Winter-2027-or-Winter---Summer-2027-_JR101596","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://bci.wd10.myworkdayjobs.com/BCI_Careers/job/Victoria-BC/Investment-Tech-Data---Analytics----Software-Engineer-Co-op-Internship--Winter-2027-or-Winter---Summer-2027-_JR101596","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"British Columbia Investment","sourceCompany":"british-columbia-investment","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:5694dd92073ae1a83629","title":"Software Engineer Co-op Intern","locationText":"Victoria, BC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Victoria","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-17T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://bci.wd10.myworkdayjobs.com/BCI_Careers/job/Vancouver-BC/Software-Engineer-Co-op-Internship--Winter-2027-_JR101590","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://bci.wd10.myworkdayjobs.com/BCI_Careers/job/Vancouver-BC/Software-Engineer-Co-op-Internship--Winter-2027-_JR101590","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Autodesk","sourceCompany":"autodesk","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:a62c16a19f54f65c2b35","title":"Software Developer Intern","locationText":"Montreal, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-17T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://autodesk.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/Ext/job/Montreal-QC-CAN/Intern--Software-Developer--Stagiaire-en-Dveloppement-Logiciel_26WD101114-1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://autodesk.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/Ext/job/Montreal-QC-CAN/Intern--Software-Developer--Stagiaire-en-Dveloppement-Logiciel_26WD101114-1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Rockwell Automation","sourceCompany":"rockwell-automation","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:1744c541553b314dc31e","title":"Robotics Research Co-op, Physical AI, OTTO","locationText":"Waterloo, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Waterloo","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-17T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://rockwellautomation.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External-Rockwell-Automation-Early-Careers/job/Waterloo-Ontario-Canada/Co-op--Robotics-Research---Physical-AI--OTTO-at-Rockwell-Automation-_R26-6872","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://rockwellautomation.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External-Rockwell-Automation-Early-Careers/job/Waterloo-Ontario-Canada/Co-op--Robotics-Research---Physical-AI--OTTO-at-Rockwell-Automation-_R26-6872","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Manulife Financial","sourceCompany":"manulife-financial","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:6c70255bf81c0036184d","title":"Software Engineering Intern","locationText":"Waterloo, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Waterloo","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-17T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://manulife.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/MFCJH_Jobs/job/Waterloo-Ontario/Summer-Intern-2027---Software-Engineering--12-Months-_JR26091053","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://manulife.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/MFCJH_Jobs/job/Waterloo-Ontario/Summer-Intern-2027---Software-Engineering--12-Months-_JR26091053","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Microsoft","sourceCompany":"microsoft","sourceType":"microsoft-pcsx","jobId":"1970393556868271","title":"Applied Science: PhD Microsoft AI Internship Opportunities","locationText":"United States, Washington, Redmond","countryCode":"US","city":"Redmond","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-16T22:38:36.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556868271?hl=en","tags":["Applied Sciences","onsite"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:49.955Z","descriptionText":"$27","key":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556868271?hl=en","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Microsoft","sourceCompany":"microsoft","sourceType":"microsoft-pcsx","jobId":"1970393556982928","title":"Data Science: PhD Internship Opportunities - Redmond","locationText":"United States, Washington, Redmond","countryCode":"US","city":"Redmond","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-16T21:15:46.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556982928?hl=en","tags":["Data Science","onsite"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:49.955Z","descriptionText":"$28","key":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556982928?hl=en","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Microsoft","sourceCompany":"microsoft","sourceType":"microsoft-pcsx","jobId":"1970393556986140","title":"Applied Science: PhD Internship Opportunities - Multiple Locations","locationText":"United States, Washington, Redmond","countryCode":"US","city":"Redmond","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-16T21:09:15.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556986140?hl=en","tags":["Applied Sciences","onsite"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:49.955Z","descriptionText":"$29","key":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556986140?hl=en","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"NVIDIA","sourceCompany":"nvidia","sourceType":"github-simplify-list","sourceName":"Simplify Summer 2027 Internships","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/SimplifyJobs/Summer2027-Internships","jobId":"github-simplify-list:6f47b3b630ceb60de4d4","title":"Quantum and Chemistry Research Intern - Quantum and AI for Chemistry","locationText":"Toronto, ON, Canada","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-16T08:39:15.337Z","applyUrl":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/Canada-Toronto/PhD-Research-Intern--Quantum-and-AI-for-Chemistry---2027_JR2024997?utm_source=Simplify&ref=Simplify","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Simplify / Pitt CSC"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.337Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/Canada-Toronto/PhD-Research-Intern--Quantum-and-AI-for-Chemistry---2027_JR2024997","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"NVIDIA","sourceCompany":"nvidia","sourceType":"nvidia-workday","jobId":"JR2025406","title":"PhD Research Intern, Fundamental Generative AI - 2027","locationText":"US, CA, Santa Clara","countryCode":"US","city":"Santa Clara","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-16T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/Research-Intern--Fundamental-Generative-AI---2027_JR2025406","tags":["NVIDIA Careers","2100 NVIDIA USA"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:41:24.377Z","descriptionText":"$2a","key":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/Research-Intern--Fundamental-Generative-AI---2027_JR2025406","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0286502","title":"Operations Research, Engineering Analytics Graduate Intern","locationText":"USA - AZ - Chandler","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - AZ - Chandler","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-16T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Arizona-Phoenix/Operations-Research--Engineering-Analytics-Graduate-Intern_JR0286502","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:40:04.347Z","descriptionText":"$2b","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Arizona-Phoenix/Operations-Research--Engineering-Analytics-Graduate-Intern_JR0286502","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Apera AI","sourceCompany":"apera-ai","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:d68791633ec20e12c3bc","title":"Software Developer Co-op, Full Stack","locationText":"Vancouver, BC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Vancouver","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-16T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/aperaaiinc/jobs/5240259007","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/aperaaiinc/jobs/5240259007","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Apera AI","sourceCompany":"apera-ai","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:5eb0ba97b3e5e9f67e22","title":"Software Developer Co-op, C++","locationText":"Vancouver, BC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Vancouver","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-16T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/aperaaiinc/jobs/5239394007","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/aperaaiinc/jobs/5239394007","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Apera AI","sourceCompany":"apera-ai","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:66cb4b1db468bb623d3c","title":"Machine Learning Applied Scientist Co-op","locationText":"Vancouver, BC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Vancouver","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-16T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/aperaaiinc/jobs/5239440007","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/aperaaiinc/jobs/5239440007","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Apple","sourceCompany":"apple","sourceType":"apple-careers-html","jobId":"200683293-5490","title":"PMU Design Verification Intern","locationText":"Swindon, United Kingdom","countryCode":"GB","city":"Swindon","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-15T12:25:37.861Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200683293-5490/pmu-design-verification-intern?team=STDNT","tags":["Hardware","Students"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:40:22.260Z","descriptionText":"$2c","key":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200683293-5490/pmu-design-verification-intern?team=STDNT","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Superhuman","sourceCompany":"superhuman","sourceType":"github-simplify-list","sourceName":"Simplify Summer 2027 Internships","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/SimplifyJobs/Summer2027-Internships","jobId":"github-simplify-list:14c2260fcbe98f041e2e","title":"Software Engineer Intern","locationText":"Toronto, ON, Canada","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-15T08:39:15.337Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/Superhuman%20Platform%20Inc/5f1f25ee-709d-4ae0-ada4-d1f243bde89c/application?embed=true&utm_source=Simplify&ref=Simplify","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Simplify / Pitt CSC"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.337Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/Superhuman%20Platform%20Inc/5f1f25ee-709d-4ae0-ada4-d1f243bde89c/application?embed=true","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0286916","title":"Module Engineering PhD Intern Summer 2027","locationText":"USA - OR - Hillsboro","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - OR - Hillsboro","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-15T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Module-Engineering-PhD-Intern-Summer-2027_JR0286916","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:40:04.347Z","descriptionText":"$2d","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Module-Engineering-PhD-Intern-Summer-2027_JR0286916","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Qualcomm","sourceCompany":"qualcomm","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:889a830547ae16616902","title":"Sensors Subsystem Engineering Intern, Low-Power AI, Audio","locationText":"Markham, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Markham","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-15T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://qualcomm.eightfold.ai/careers/job/446721109229","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://qualcomm.eightfold.ai/careers/job/446721109229","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Qualcomm","sourceCompany":"qualcomm","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:597ba93bdd0ff9b9744a","title":"Sensors Subsystem Engineering Intern","locationText":"Markham, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Markham","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-15T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://qualcomm.eightfold.ai/careers/job/446721109168","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://qualcomm.eightfold.ai/careers/job/446721109168","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Equitable Bank","sourceCompany":"equitable-bank","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:eb411b0bf88dfbe538cf","title":"Credit Risk Intern","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-15T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.lever.co/eqbank/de711d74-f78a-4cdd-a4a1-fdaa6e6602c3/","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.lever.co/eqbank/de711d74-f78a-4cdd-a4a1-fdaa6e6602c3/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Equitable Bank","sourceCompany":"equitable-bank","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:2008ee329bf26cb71daf","title":"Data Scientist Intern","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-15T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.lever.co/eqbank/b152bad3-df48-4049-9d44-ba7e57ea6499/","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.lever.co/eqbank/b152bad3-df48-4049-9d44-ba7e57ea6499/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Nokia","sourceCompany":"nokia","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:1f1b7ce806cb3e110cdb","title":"Incubation Developer Student Intern","locationText":"Ottawa, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Ottawa","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-15T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://fa-evmr-saasfaprod1.fa.ocs.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX_1/job/39968","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://fa-evmr-saasfaprod1.fa.ocs.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX_1/job/39968","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Nokia","sourceCompany":"nokia","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:cd56a65c5760c3117f6f","title":"Incubation Developer Student Intern","locationText":"Ottawa, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Ottawa","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-15T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://fa-evmr-saasfaprod1.fa.ocs.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX_1/job/39967","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://fa-evmr-saasfaprod1.fa.ocs.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX_1/job/39967","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"ATCO","sourceCompany":"atco","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:a1c73920399d220a6229","title":"IT Co-op, Cloud Platforms, Tools & Automation","locationText":"Edmonton, AB","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Edmonton","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-15T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://eezy.fa.ca2.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX/job/20646","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://eezy.fa.ca2.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX/job/20646","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"L3Harris Technologies","sourceCompany":"l3harris-technologies","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:ddca5fdeea913a2d2dac","title":"Software Engineering Co-op","locationText":"Waterdown, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Waterdown","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-15T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.l3harris.com/job/Waterdown-Software-Engineering-Co-Op-(Waterdown,-CAN)-ON-L9H-0C5/1430128900/?ats=successfactors","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.l3harris.com/job/Waterdown-Software-Engineering-Co-Op-(Waterdown,-CAN)-ON-L9H-0C5/1430128900/?ats=successfactors","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"L3Harris Technologies","sourceCompany":"l3harris-technologies","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:288665503e3cbbadb27a","title":"FPGA Software Tool Developer Co-op","locationText":"Waterdown, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Waterdown","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-15T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.l3harris.com/job/Waterdown-FPGA-Software-Tool-Developer-Co-Op-(Waterdown,-CAN)-ON-L9H-0C5/1430127100/?ats=successfactors","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.l3harris.com/job/Waterdown-FPGA-Software-Tool-Developer-Co-Op-(Waterdown,-CAN)-ON-L9H-0C5/1430127100/?ats=successfactors","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"L3Harris Technologies","sourceCompany":"l3harris-technologies","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:d75123986b11e1483844","title":"Full Stack Developer Co-op","locationText":"Waterdown, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Waterdown","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-15T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.l3harris.com/job/Niagara-on-the-Lake-Full-Stack-Developer-Co-op-1-ON/1430141300/?ats=successfactors","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.l3harris.com/job/Niagara-on-the-Lake-Full-Stack-Developer-Co-op-1-ON/1430141300/?ats=successfactors","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"L3Harris Technologies","sourceCompany":"l3harris-technologies","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:f9aac274ff75df54b084","title":"FPGA Designer Co-op","locationText":"Hamilton, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Hamilton","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-15T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.l3harris.com/job/Waterdown-FPGA-Designer-Coop-(Waterdown,-CAN)-ON-L9H-0C5/1430127300/?ats=successfactors","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.l3harris.com/job/Waterdown-FPGA-Designer-Coop-(Waterdown,-CAN)-ON-L9H-0C5/1430127300/?ats=successfactors","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"L3Harris Technologies","sourceCompany":"l3harris-technologies","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:8269db38eb32853f3703","title":"Software Engineering Co-op","locationText":"Waterdown, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Waterdown","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-15T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.l3harris.com/job/Waterdown-Software-Engineering-Co-Op-(Waterdown,-CAN)-ON-L9H-0C5/1430130200/?ats=successfactors","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.l3harris.com/job/Waterdown-Software-Engineering-Co-Op-(Waterdown,-CAN)-ON-L9H-0C5/1430130200/?ats=successfactors","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"L3Harris Technologies","sourceCompany":"l3harris-technologies","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:afc3fb9f5e059156f9c1","title":"Software Engineer Co-op","locationText":"Waterdown, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Waterdown","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-15T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.l3harris.com/job/Waterdown-Software-Engineering-Co-Op-(Waterdown,-CAN)-ON-L9H-0C5/1430129400/?ats=successfactors","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.l3harris.com/job/Waterdown-Software-Engineering-Co-Op-(Waterdown,-CAN)-ON-L9H-0C5/1430129400/?ats=successfactors","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Nokia","sourceCompany":"nokia","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:6709763c28d66436f611","title":"Software Tools Development Co-op Intern","locationText":"Ottawa, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Ottawa","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-15T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://fa-evmr-saasfaprod1.fa.ocs.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX_1/job/39230","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://fa-evmr-saasfaprod1.fa.ocs.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX_1/job/39230","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Nokia","sourceCompany":"nokia","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:7e4357ebf76b4837fbac","title":"Hardware Engineer Co-op Intern, IP Routing","locationText":"Ottawa, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Ottawa","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-15T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://fa-evmr-saasfaprod1.fa.ocs.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX_1/job/39600","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://fa-evmr-saasfaprod1.fa.ocs.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX_1/job/39600","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Nexthop.ai","sourceCompany":"nexthop-ai","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:22d53f7a925af6c48005","title":"Software Engineer Intern","locationText":"Burnaby, BC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Burnaby","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-15T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://nexthopai.bamboohr.com/careers/64/","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://nexthopai.bamboohr.com/careers/64/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"DoorDash","sourceCompany":"doordash","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:e535e326f82b7a484cc3","title":"Software Engineer Intern","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-15T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/doordashcanada/jobs/8170944","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/doordashcanada/jobs/8170944","hot":true,"hidden":false},{"company":"Superhuman","sourceCompany":"superhuman","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:8e974fb8d7dc3a807725","title":"Software Engineer Intern","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-15T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/Superhuman%20Platform%20Inc/5f1f25ee-709d-4ae0-ada4-d1f243bde89c/","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/Superhuman%20Platform%20Inc/5f1f25ee-709d-4ae0-ada4-d1f243bde89c/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"A Thinking Ape","sourceCompany":"a-thinking-ape","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:ed03ff36b067bb6323fd","title":"Software Development Engineer Co-op","locationText":"Remote, Canada","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Remote","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-15T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/athinkingape/jobs/8203048","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/athinkingape/jobs/8203048","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Definity Financial","sourceCompany":"definity-financial","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:e7e688dc27a976195c1d","title":"Technology Solutions Co-op Intern, Data Platform & Engineering","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-15T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://hdks.fa.ca2.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX_1/job/9324","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://hdks.fa.ca2.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX_1/job/9324","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intelcom | Dragonfly","sourceCompany":"intelcom-dragonfly","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:393f53613ba501a948e6","title":"Back-end Developer Intern, Mobile Application","locationText":"Montreal, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-15T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intelcomgroup.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/Intelcom/job/Canada-Quebec-Montreal/Back-end-Developer-Intern---Mobile-Application_JR111747","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://intelcomgroup.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/Intelcom/job/Canada-Quebec-Montreal/Back-end-Developer-Intern---Mobile-Application_JR111747","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Autodesk","sourceCompany":"autodesk","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:cdf7e1466014bc915ad5","title":"Software Developer Intern","locationText":"Montreal, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-15T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://autodesk.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/uni/job/Montreal-QC-CAN/Intern--Software-Developer--Stagiaire-en-Dveloppement-Logiciel_26WD101101-1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://autodesk.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/uni/job/Montreal-QC-CAN/Intern--Software-Developer--Stagiaire-en-Dveloppement-Logiciel_26WD101101-1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Altera","sourceCompany":"altera","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:9f6c85e8bd242df8392c","title":"Quartus Compiler Software Intern","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-15T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://altera.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/altera/job/Toronto-Ontario-Canada/Quartus-Compiler-Software---Intern_R03108","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://altera.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/altera/job/Toronto-Ontario-Canada/Quartus-Compiler-Software---Intern_R03108","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Sun Life","sourceCompany":"sun-life","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:c395d54a17101cc613ec","title":"Data Governance Analyst Co-op","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-15T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://sunlife.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/Campus/job/Toronto-Ontario/Student--Data-Governance-Analyst--Winter-2027-_JR00127829","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://sunlife.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/Campus/job/Toronto-Ontario/Student--Data-Governance-Analyst--Winter-2027-_JR00127829","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"CIBC","sourceCompany":"cibc","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:8f1e084f1bd903507b60","title":"Risk Analytics Co-op","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-15T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://cibc.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/campus/job/Toronto-ON/Risk-Analytics-Co-op-Winter-2027_2618885","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://cibc.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/campus/job/Toronto-ON/Risk-Analytics-Co-op-Winter-2027_2618885","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intelcom | Dragonfly","sourceCompany":"intelcom-dragonfly","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:0ab44128f0d7b082e49d","title":"Data Analyst Intern","locationText":"Montreal, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-15T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intelcomgroup.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/Intelcom/job/Canada-Quebec-Montreal/HR-Data-Analysis-Intern_JR111758-1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://intelcomgroup.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/Intelcom/job/Canada-Quebec-Montreal/HR-Data-Analysis-Intern_JR111758-1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"RTX","sourceCompany":"rtx","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:7ea6f745575138e2e0bb","title":"Digital Engine Services, Ground Cloud Software Developer","locationText":"Longueuil, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Longueuil","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"student","postedAt":"2026-09-15T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://globalhr.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/rec_rtx_ext_gateway/job/CA-QC-LONGUEUIL-MD--1000-Blvd-Marie-Victorin--MD-BLDG/Stage---Hiver-2027---Service-Numriques-pour-les-Moteurs---Dveloppeur-logiciel--Internship---Winter-2027-Digital-Engine-Services--DES----Ground-cloud-software-developer_01874389","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://globalhr.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/rec_rtx_ext_gateway/job/CA-QC-LONGUEUIL-MD--1000-Blvd-Marie-Victorin--MD-BLDG/Stage---Hiver-2027---Service-Numriques-pour-les-Moteurs---Dveloppeur-logiciel--Internship---Winter-2027-Digital-Engine-Services--DES----Ground-cloud-software-developer_01874389","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Microsoft","sourceCompany":"microsoft","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:e9bd8f3f2eee08803525","title":"Software Engineer Intern","locationText":"Vancouver, BC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Vancouver","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-15T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556991773?hl=en","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556991773?hl=en","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0287080","title":"Packaging Technology Development Graduate Intern","locationText":"USA - AZ - Chandler","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - AZ - Chandler","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-14T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Arizona-Phoenix/Packaging-Technology-Development-Graduate-Intern_JR0287080","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:40:04.347Z","descriptionText":"$2e","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Arizona-Phoenix/Packaging-Technology-Development-Graduate-Intern_JR0287080","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0287000","title":"System Technology Research Engineer - (PhD Intern)","locationText":"USA - OR - Hillsboro","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - OR - Hillsboro","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-14T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/System-Technology-Research-Engineer----PhD-Intern-_JR0287000","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:40:04.347Z","descriptionText":"$2f","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/System-Technology-Research-Engineer----PhD-Intern-_JR0287000","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:8db222c0f7d2c9ccf880","title":"Student Researcher, BS/MS","locationText":"Montreal, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"student-researcher","postedAt":"2026-09-14T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/104405499448828614","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/104405499448828614","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:dfbdf883335cc288e081","title":"Student Researcher, PhD","locationText":"Toronto, ON / Waterloo, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"student-researcher","postedAt":"2026-09-14T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/75043041429070534","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/75043041429070534","hot":true,"hidden":false},{"company":"Equitable Bank","sourceCompany":"equitable-bank","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:6c2591aecdd241ad4bd8","title":"Commercial Lending AI Engineer Intern","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-14T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.lever.co/eqbank/54045eae-334a-4486-8e97-96e49e6a1487/","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.lever.co/eqbank/54045eae-334a-4486-8e97-96e49e6a1487/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Equitable Bank","sourceCompany":"equitable-bank","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:706a4cca3c1d2ca4381e","title":"Retail Lending AI Engineer Intern","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-14T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.lever.co/eqbank/1c46930a-7ffe-4760-9d31-e08ea191ddea/","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.lever.co/eqbank/1c46930a-7ffe-4760-9d31-e08ea191ddea/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Definity Financial","sourceCompany":"definity-financial","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:99107860d7966bfee709","title":"Technology Business Administration Co-op Intern","locationText":"Toronto, ON / Waterloo, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-14T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://hdks.fa.ca2.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX_1/job/9345","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://hdks.fa.ca2.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX_1/job/9345","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Robinhood","sourceCompany":"robinhood","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:f65bc1400a2c00b2f9db","title":"Software Developer Intern, Backend","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-14T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://boards.greenhouse.io/robinhood/jobs/8142930","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://boards.greenhouse.io/robinhood/jobs/8142930","hot":true,"hidden":false},{"company":"Robinhood","sourceCompany":"robinhood","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:67f55a77239f538009a7","title":"Software Developer Intern, Web","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-14T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://boards.greenhouse.io/robinhood/jobs/8199744","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://boards.greenhouse.io/robinhood/jobs/8199744","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Robinhood","sourceCompany":"robinhood","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:5266122b9e04dfa46500","title":"Software Developer Intern/Co-op, Backend","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-14T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://boards.greenhouse.io/robinhood/jobs/8194428","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://boards.greenhouse.io/robinhood/jobs/8194428","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Robinhood","sourceCompany":"robinhood","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:68a17bbc8190e9dc97dc","title":"Software Developer Intern, IOS","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-14T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://boards.greenhouse.io/robinhood/jobs/8199729","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://boards.greenhouse.io/robinhood/jobs/8199729","hot":true,"hidden":false},{"company":"Ciena","sourceCompany":"ciena","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:ad71da8e8b2ea77fa0cb","title":"Software Engineering Intern, Optical Transport and IP Networking","locationText":"Ottawa, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Ottawa","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-14T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://ciena.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/Careers/job/Ottawa/Software-Engineering--Optical-Transport-and-IP-Networking-Intern_R031631","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://ciena.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/Careers/job/Ottawa/Software-Engineering--Optical-Transport-and-IP-Networking-Intern_R031631","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Sun Life","sourceCompany":"sun-life","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:67465c33d2e1d434c03a","title":"Software Engineer Co-op","locationText":"Waterloo, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Waterloo","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-14T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://sunlife.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/Campus/job/Waterloo-Ontario/Student--Software-Engineer--Winter-2027-_JR00127612","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://sunlife.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/Campus/job/Waterloo-Ontario/Student--Software-Engineer--Winter-2027-_JR00127612","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"BDO Canada","sourceCompany":"bdo-canada","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:4265eeea41a1672a3113","title":"Full-Stack Developer Co-op Intern","locationText":"Toronto, ON / Ottawa, ON / Oakville, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-14T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://bdo.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/BDO/job/Toronto---Bay-St/Co-op-or-Intern--Full-Stack-Developer--January-2027-_JR7057","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://bdo.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/BDO/job/Toronto---Bay-St/Co-op-or-Intern--Full-Stack-Developer--January-2027-_JR7057","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Royal Bank of Canada","sourceCompany":"royal-bank-of-canada","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:9278276e33dc6ed918e5","title":"Algorithmic Trading Developer Co-op, Global Equities","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-14T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://rbc.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/RBCEARLYTALENT1/job/TORONTO-Ontario-Canada/XMLNAME-2027-Capital-Markets--Global-Equities--Algorithmic-Trading-Developer--16-Months--Co-op-_R-0000187792","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://rbc.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/RBCEARLYTALENT1/job/TORONTO-Ontario-Canada/XMLNAME-2027-Capital-Markets--Global-Equities--Algorithmic-Trading-Developer--16-Months--Co-op-_R-0000187792","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Royal Bank of Canada","sourceCompany":"royal-bank-of-canada","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:7525995aeab72bf6b814","title":"AI Engineer Co-op, Global Equities","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-14T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://rbc.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/RBCEARLYTALENT1/job/TORONTO-Ontario-Canada/XMLNAME-2027-Capital-Markets--Global-Equities--AI-Engineer--16-Months--Co-op-_R-0000187401-1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://rbc.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/RBCEARLYTALENT1/job/TORONTO-Ontario-Canada/XMLNAME-2027-Capital-Markets--Global-Equities--AI-Engineer--16-Months--Co-op-_R-0000187401-1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Royal Bank of Canada","sourceCompany":"royal-bank-of-canada","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:172d5885da56ae3761dc","title":"Quantitative Trading Analyst Co-op, Global Equities","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-14T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://rbc.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/RBCEARLYTALENT1/job/TORONTO-Ontario-Canada/XMLNAME-2027-Capital-Markets--Global-Equities--Quantitative-Trading-Analyst--16-Months--Co-op-_R-0000187742","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://rbc.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/RBCEARLYTALENT1/job/TORONTO-Ontario-Canada/XMLNAME-2027-Capital-Markets--Global-Equities--Quantitative-Trading-Analyst--16-Months--Co-op-_R-0000187742","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Marvell","sourceCompany":"marvell","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:84cf407578b9d7cbd61b","title":"Firmware Engineer Intern","locationText":"Ottawa, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Ottawa","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-14T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://marvell.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/MarvellCareers2/job/Ottawa-Canada/Firmware-Engineer-Intern_2604738-1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://marvell.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/MarvellCareers2/job/Ottawa-Canada/Firmware-Engineer-Intern_2604738-1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Marvell","sourceCompany":"marvell","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:a0e125bf337e584a476f","title":"Data Center Silicon Hardware Engineering Intern","locationText":"Toronto, ON / Ottawa, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-14T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://marvell.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/MarvellCareers2/job/Ottawa-Canada/Data-Center-Silicon-Hardware-Engineering-Intern---Winter-2027_2604525","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://marvell.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/MarvellCareers2/job/Ottawa-Canada/Data-Center-Silicon-Hardware-Engineering-Intern---Winter-2027_2604525","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"BDO Canada","sourceCompany":"bdo-canada","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:d6f30a06765050150d42","title":"Data & Analytics Co-op Intern","locationText":"Montreal, QC / Toronto, ON / Calgary, AB / Halifax, NS / Vancouver, BC / Oakville, ON / Ottawa, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-14T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://bdo.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/BDO/job/Toronto---Bay-St/Co-op-or-Intern--Data---Analytics--January-2027-_JR7061","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://bdo.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/BDO/job/Toronto---Bay-St/Co-op-or-Intern--Data---Analytics--January-2027-_JR7061","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Bank of Montreal","sourceCompany":"bank-of-montreal","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:385f8ac64e772d0e3e22","title":"Quantitative Developer (Alpha Research Team), GAM","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"student","postedAt":"2026-09-14T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://bmo.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/Campus/job/Toronto-ON-CAN/Quantitative-Developer--Alpha-Research-Team----GAM--Summer-2027--Co-op-Internship----12-months_R260026715","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://bmo.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/Campus/job/Toronto-ON-CAN/Quantitative-Developer--Alpha-Research-Team----GAM--Summer-2027--Co-op-Internship----12-months_R260026715","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"CIBC","sourceCompany":"cibc","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:4d09618658565b61316d","title":"Global Markets Analyst or Associate","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"student","postedAt":"2026-09-14T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://cibc.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/campus/job/Toronto-ON/Global-Markets--Summer-2027-Analyst-or-Associate--12-months-_2618796","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://cibc.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/campus/job/Toronto-ON/Global-Markets--Summer-2027-Analyst-or-Associate--12-months-_2618796","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"CIBC","sourceCompany":"cibc","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:1a64db181059e7b279b5","title":"Global Markets Analyst, Electronic Trading","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"student","postedAt":"2026-09-14T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://cibc.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/campus/job/Toronto-ON/Global-Markets--Electronic-Trading---Summer-2027-Analyst--4-months-_2618801","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://cibc.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/campus/job/Toronto-ON/Global-Markets--Electronic-Trading---Summer-2027-Analyst--4-months-_2618801","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"NVIDIA","sourceCompany":"nvidia","sourceType":"nvidia-workday","jobId":"JR2024171","title":"PhD Research Intern, Autonomous Systems and Physical AI Research - 2027","locationText":"US, CA, Santa Clara","countryCode":"US","city":"Santa Clara","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-13T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/PhD-Research-Intern--Autonomous-Systems-and-Physical-AI-Research---2027_JR2024171","tags":["NVIDIA Careers","2100 NVIDIA USA"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:41:24.377Z","descriptionText":"$30","key":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/PhD-Research-Intern--Autonomous-Systems-and-Physical-AI-Research---2027_JR2024171","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Blue Robotics","sourceCompany":"blue-robotics","sourceType":"github-simplify-list","sourceName":"Simplify Summer 2027 Internships","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/SimplifyJobs/Summer2027-Internships","jobId":"github-simplify-list:6e0368fda690e7739a9e","title":"Electronics Design Co-op","locationText":"Victoria, BC, Canada","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Victoria","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-12T08:39:15.337Z","applyUrl":"https://ats.rippling.com/blue-robotics/jobs/25a883e5-3fa4-459e-9762-5f33a3512cd8?utm_source=Simplify&ref=Simplify","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Simplify / Pitt CSC"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.337Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://ats.rippling.com/blue-robotics/jobs/25a883e5-3fa4-459e-9762-5f33a3512cd8","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Microsoft","sourceCompany":"microsoft","sourceType":"microsoft-pcsx","jobId":"1970393556988203","title":"Security Assurance Intern - CTJ - TS","locationText":"United States, Washington, Redmond","countryCode":"US","city":"Redmond","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-11T18:42:02.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556988203?hl=en","tags":["Security Assurance","onsite"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:49.955Z","descriptionText":"$31","key":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556988203?hl=en","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Microsoft","sourceCompany":"microsoft","sourceType":"microsoft-pcsx","jobId":"1970393556983238","title":"Technical Program Management Intern - CTJ - TS","locationText":"United States, Washington, Redmond","countryCode":"US","city":"Redmond","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-11T18:41:30.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556983238?hl=en","tags":["Technical Program Management","onsite"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:49.955Z","descriptionText":"$32","key":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556983238?hl=en","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Microsoft","sourceCompany":"microsoft","sourceType":"microsoft-pcsx","jobId":"1970393556983226","title":"Product Management Intern - CTJ - TS","locationText":"United States, Washington, Redmond","countryCode":"US","city":"Redmond","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-11T18:40:02.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556983226?hl=en","tags":["Product Management","onsite"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:49.955Z","descriptionText":"$33","key":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556983226?hl=en","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Microsoft","sourceCompany":"microsoft","sourceType":"microsoft-pcsx","jobId":"1970393556983223","title":"Software Engineering Intern - CTJ - TS","locationText":"United States, Virginia, Reston","countryCode":"US","city":"Reston","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-11T18:39:32.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556983223?hl=en","tags":["Software Engineering","onsite"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:49.955Z","descriptionText":"$34","key":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556983223?hl=en","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Microsoft","sourceCompany":"microsoft","sourceType":"microsoft-pcsx","jobId":"1970393556983221","title":"Software Engineering Intern - CTJ - TS","locationText":"United States, Washington, Redmond","countryCode":"US","city":"Redmond","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-11T18:38:27.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556983221?hl=en","tags":["Software Engineering","onsite"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:49.955Z","descriptionText":"$35","key":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556983221?hl=en","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Ciena","sourceCompany":"ciena","sourceType":"github-simplify-list","sourceName":"Simplify Summer 2027 Internships","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/SimplifyJobs/Summer2027-Internships","jobId":"github-simplify-list:513b09606ada125e33e0","title":"NPI Hardware Co-op - 8 month","locationText":"Ottawa, ON, Canada","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Ottawa","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-11T08:39:15.337Z","applyUrl":"https://ciena.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/Careers/job/Ottawa/NPI-Hardware-Co-op--8-month---January-2027-_R031642?utm_source=Simplify&ref=Simplify","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Simplify / Pitt CSC"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.337Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://ciena.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/Careers/job/Ottawa/NPI-Hardware-Co-op--8-month---January-2027-_R031642","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Microsoft","sourceCompany":"microsoft","sourceType":"microsoft-pcsx","jobId":"1970393556991406","title":"Construction Project Management INTERN (Internship Opportunities for US - West region)","locationText":"United States, Arizona, Phoenix","countryCode":"US","city":"Phoenix","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-11T00:46:33.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556991406?hl=en","tags":["Construction Project Management","onsite"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:49.955Z","descriptionText":"$36","key":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556991406?hl=en","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Microsoft","sourceCompany":"microsoft","sourceType":"microsoft-pcsx","jobId":"1970393556991405","title":"Construction Project Management INTERN (Internship Opportunities for US - Southeast region)","locationText":"United States, Georgia, Atlanta","countryCode":"US","city":"Atlanta","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-11T00:42:47.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556991405?hl=en","tags":["Construction Project Management","onsite"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:49.955Z","descriptionText":"$37","key":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556991405?hl=en","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0286932","title":"Module Engineering PhD Intern","locationText":"USA - AZ - Chandler","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - AZ - Chandler","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-11T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Arizona-Phoenix/Module-Engineering-PhD-Intern_JR0286932","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:40:04.347Z","descriptionText":"$38","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Arizona-Phoenix/Module-Engineering-PhD-Intern_JR0286932","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0287021","title":"Module Engineering PhD Intern New 2027","locationText":"USA - OR - Hillsboro","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - OR - Hillsboro","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-11T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Module-Engineering-PhD-Intern-New-2027_JR0287021","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:40:04.347Z","descriptionText":"$39","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Module-Engineering-PhD-Intern-New-2027_JR0287021","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0287020","title":"Module Engineering PhD Intern New 2027","locationText":"USA - OR - Hillsboro","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - OR - Hillsboro","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-11T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Module-Engineering-PhD-Intern-New-2027_JR0287020","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:40:04.347Z","descriptionText":"$3a","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Module-Engineering-PhD-Intern-New-2027_JR0287020","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Qualcomm","sourceCompany":"qualcomm","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:279ad55ffc79a2e3d777","title":"Machine Learning Compiler & Performance Engineering Intern","locationText":"Markham, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Markham","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-11T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://qualcomm.eightfold.ai/careers/job/446721064018","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://qualcomm.eightfold.ai/careers/job/446721064018","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Dialogue","sourceCompany":"dialogue","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:feb648e5b625becffe5e","title":"Full Stack Developer Intern","locationText":"Montreal, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-11T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://ats.rippling.com/dialogue-en/jobs/3c2341d5-604d-463c-8b79-5d1669d81e78","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://ats.rippling.com/dialogue-en/jobs/3c2341d5-604d-463c-8b79-5d1669d81e78","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Cozey","sourceCompany":"cozey","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:60a069e23862fe1f7697","title":"Data Science Intern","locationText":"Mount-Royal, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Mount-Royal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-11T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://ats.rippling.com/cozey-internships/jobs/1e50d436-06c1-447c-b676-5e487b19433c","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://ats.rippling.com/cozey-internships/jobs/1e50d436-06c1-447c-b676-5e487b19433c","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Cozey","sourceCompany":"cozey","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:ddd6800fab263690427e","title":"Product Management Intern","locationText":"Mount-Royal, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Mount-Royal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-11T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://ats.rippling.com/cozey-internships/jobs/b1f3e185-e5d7-4baf-b67f-10f8703b130a","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://ats.rippling.com/cozey-internships/jobs/b1f3e185-e5d7-4baf-b67f-10f8703b130a","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Amazon","sourceCompany":"amazon","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:ac215d8cbacb3277491b","title":"Machine Learning Systems Software Development Engineer Intern, Annapurna Labs","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-11T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://amazon.jobs/en/jobs/10538066/ml-systems-software-development-engineer-intern-annapurna-labs-2027","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://amazon.jobs/en/jobs/10538066/ml-systems-software-development-engineer-intern-annapurna-labs-2027","hot":true,"hidden":false},{"company":"Nokia","sourceCompany":"nokia","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:0a5850ca9ecfb36e101c","title":"Optical Test Intern Co-op","locationText":"Ottawa, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Ottawa","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-11T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://fa-evmr-saasfaprod1.fa.ocs.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX_1/job/39964","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://fa-evmr-saasfaprod1.fa.ocs.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX_1/job/39964","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Nokia","sourceCompany":"nokia","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:6431b2c282fa0f72ca02","title":"Data Scientist Co-op/Intern","locationText":"Ottawa, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Ottawa","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-11T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://fa-evmr-saasfaprod1.fa.ocs.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX_1/job/39965","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://fa-evmr-saasfaprod1.fa.ocs.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX_1/job/39965","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Lyft","sourceCompany":"lyft","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:e23c073c64423a0afc34","title":"Software Engineer Intern, Backend","locationText":"Montreal, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-11T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://app.careerpuck.com/job-board/lyft/job/8796054002?gh_jid=8796054002","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://app.careerpuck.com/job-board/lyft/job/8796054002?gh_jid=8796054002","hot":true,"hidden":false},{"company":"Lyft","sourceCompany":"lyft","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:7aef31bdbbead6431a14","title":"Software Engineer Intern, Machine Learning","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-11T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://app.careerpuck.com/job-board/lyft/job/8802332002?gh_jid=8802332002","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://app.careerpuck.com/job-board/lyft/job/8802332002?gh_jid=8802332002","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Lyft","sourceCompany":"lyft","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:1714cd058b06f9dd808b","title":"Software Engineer Intern","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-11T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://app.careerpuck.com/job-board/lyft/job/8767710002?gh_jid=8767710002","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://app.careerpuck.com/job-board/lyft/job/8767710002?gh_jid=8767710002","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Lyft","sourceCompany":"lyft","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:5c988fbbd18d049cd75e","title":"Software Engineer Intern, Fullstack","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-11T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://app.careerpuck.com/job-board/lyft/job/8797859002?gh_jid=8797859002","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://app.careerpuck.com/job-board/lyft/job/8797859002?gh_jid=8797859002","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Lyft","sourceCompany":"lyft","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:980c759a1b3674669a86","title":"Data Engineer Intern","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-11T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://app.careerpuck.com/job-board/lyft/job/8797376002?gh_jid=8797376002","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://app.careerpuck.com/job-board/lyft/job/8797376002?gh_jid=8797376002","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Lyft","sourceCompany":"lyft","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:2192a79b9ee758e4bca9","title":"Data Science Intern, Algorithms","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-11T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://app.careerpuck.com/job-board/lyft/job/8767697002?gh_jid=8767697002","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://app.careerpuck.com/job-board/lyft/job/8767697002?gh_jid=8767697002","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Lyft","sourceCompany":"lyft","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:66c553cfe7a13f81f21f","title":"Software Developer Intern, Backend","locationText":"Montreal, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-11T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://app.careerpuck.com/job-board/lyft/job/8796052002?gh_jid=8796052002","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://app.careerpuck.com/job-board/lyft/job/8796052002?gh_jid=8796052002","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Kinaxis","sourceCompany":"kinaxis","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:9b0240b080b2ea5b61c9","title":"Software Engineer Co-op/Intern, Data Modeling & Integration","locationText":"Ottawa, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Ottawa","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-11T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers-kinaxis.icims.com/jobs/35349/job?mobile=true&needsRedirect=false","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://careers-kinaxis.icims.com/jobs/35349/job?mobile=true&needsRedirect=false","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Armstrong Fluid Technology","sourceCompany":"armstrong-fluid-technology","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:3de748d2b9354e1e755e","title":"Test Engineering Co-op","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-11T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://armstrongfluidtechnology.bamboohr.com/careers/1001/","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://armstrongfluidtechnology.bamboohr.com/careers/1001/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Kinaxis","sourceCompany":"kinaxis","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:6b46b9179bca3642a7be","title":"Intern Developer, Clients, Front End Technologies","locationText":"Ottawa, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Ottawa","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-11T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers-kinaxis.icims.com/jobs/35320/job?mobile=true&needsRedirect=false","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://careers-kinaxis.icims.com/jobs/35320/job?mobile=true&needsRedirect=false","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Definity Financial","sourceCompany":"definity-financial","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:a052c8b629fe70236081","title":"Commercial Insurance Product Owner Co-op Intern","locationText":"Waterloo, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Waterloo","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-11T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://hdks.fa.ca2.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX_1/job/9354","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://hdks.fa.ca2.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX_1/job/9354","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Definity Financial","sourceCompany":"definity-financial","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:f3b565d4b1dc26c3fdb8","title":"Business Intelligence Co-op","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-11T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://hdks.fa.ca2.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX_1/job/9351","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://hdks.fa.ca2.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX_1/job/9351","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Definity Financial","sourceCompany":"definity-financial","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:cc8351da4ca456737067","title":"Commercial Insurance Portfolio Analyst Co-op Intern","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-11T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://hdks.fa.ca2.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX_1/job/9349","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://hdks.fa.ca2.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX_1/job/9349","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Definity Financial","sourceCompany":"definity-financial","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:721c83f0b9b58d440634","title":"Analyst Co-op Intern, Consumer Insights & Market Research","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-11T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://hdks.fa.ca2.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX_1/job/9344","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://hdks.fa.ca2.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX_1/job/9344","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Visier Solutions","sourceCompany":"visier-solutions","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:8938891588ff75b99c7a","title":"Test Developer Co-op","locationText":"Vancouver, BC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Vancouver","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-11T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/visiersolutionsinc/jobs/4711073006","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/visiersolutionsinc/jobs/4711073006","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Visier Solutions","sourceCompany":"visier-solutions","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:20196f5aeaf0dadacf78","title":"Software Developer Co-op","locationText":"Vancouver, BC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Vancouver","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-11T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/visiersolutionsinc/jobs/4711071006","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/visiersolutionsinc/jobs/4711071006","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Microsoft","sourceCompany":"microsoft","sourceType":"microsoft-pcsx","jobId":"1970393556991724","title":"Cambridge Internship Program - Robotics Systems and Control","locationText":"United Kingdom, Cambridgeshire, Cambridge","countryCode":"GB","city":"Cambridge","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-10T12:38:07.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556991724?hl=en","tags":["Research Sciences","onsite"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:49.955Z","descriptionText":"$3b","key":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556991724?hl=en","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Rocket Lab USA","sourceCompany":"rocket-lab-usa","sourceType":"github-simplify-list","sourceName":"Simplify Summer 2027 Internships","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/SimplifyJobs/Summer2027-Internships","jobId":"github-simplify-list:bd8e3f820f037281b58f","title":"Electrical Engineer Intern - Space Systems Division","locationText":"Toronto, ON, Canada","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-10T08:39:15.337Z","applyUrl":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/rocketlab/jobs/7990043003?utm_source=Simplify&ref=Simplify","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Simplify / Pitt CSC"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.337Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/rocketlab/jobs/7990043003","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0286719","title":"Parametric Test Module Intern","locationText":"USA - OR - Hillsboro","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - OR - Hillsboro","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-10T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Parametric-Test-Module-Intern_JR0286719","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:40:04.347Z","descriptionText":"$3c","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Parametric-Test-Module-Intern_JR0286719","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0287047","title":"Module Engineering PhD Intern - Wet Etch","locationText":"USA - OR - Hillsboro","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - OR - Hillsboro","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-10T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Module-Engineering-PhD-Intern---Wet-Etch_JR0287047","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:40:04.347Z","descriptionText":"$3d","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Module-Engineering-PhD-Intern---Wet-Etch_JR0287047","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0287022","title":"Module Engineering PhD Intern","locationText":"USA - OR - Hillsboro","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - OR - Hillsboro","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-10T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Module-Engineering-PhD-Intern_JR0287022-1","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:40:04.347Z","descriptionText":"$3e","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Module-Engineering-PhD-Intern_JR0287022-1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0287026","title":"Module Engineering PhD Intern","locationText":"USA - OR - Hillsboro","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - OR - Hillsboro","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-10T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Module-Engineering-PhD-Intern_JR0287026","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:40:04.347Z","descriptionText":"$3f","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Module-Engineering-PhD-Intern_JR0287026","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Exegy","sourceCompany":"exegy","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:84c3da5f48ccd7e4c3ce","title":"Software Developer Intern","locationText":"Montreal, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-10T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/exegy/2a066cc1-ff4c-4d1c-9559-68f390b91afb/","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/exegy/2a066cc1-ff4c-4d1c-9559-68f390b91afb/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Geotab","sourceCompany":"geotab","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:032b7c754f21ffdee401","title":"Embedded Developer Intern - Engine Data Reliability","locationText":"Oakville, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Oakville","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-10T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/internshiplist2000/jobs/5396891008","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/internshiplist2000/jobs/5396891008","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Mackenzie Investments","sourceCompany":"mackenzie-investments","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:c2e83cf59f80c702609e","title":"Winter Intern, Investment Management, Multi-Asset","locationText":"Winnipeg, MB","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Winnipeg","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-10T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careersen-mackenzieinvestments.icims.com/jobs/6008/job?mobile=true&needsRedirect=false","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://careersen-mackenzieinvestments.icims.com/jobs/6008/job?mobile=true&needsRedirect=false","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Rivian and Volkswagen Group Technologies","sourceCompany":"rivian-and-volkswagen-group-technologies","sourceType":"github-simplify-list","sourceName":"Simplify Summer 2027 Internships","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/SimplifyJobs/Summer2027-Internships","jobId":"github-simplify-list:8b1b426e3a42e7255076","title":"Software Engineering Intern - Vehicle Controls","locationText":"Vancouver, BC, Canada","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Vancouver","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-09T08:39:15.337Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/rivianvw.tech/e00c49b7-44c1-4f0c-af3c-2c7a7402185b/application?embed=true&utm_source=Simplify&ref=Simplify","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Simplify / Pitt CSC"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.337Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/rivianvw.tech/e00c49b7-44c1-4f0c-af3c-2c7a7402185b/application?embed=true","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0287019","title":"Software Research Engineering - (PhD Intern)","locationText":"USA - OR - Hillsboro","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - OR - Hillsboro","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-09T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Software-Research-Engineering----PhD-Intern-_JR0287019","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:40:04.347Z","descriptionText":"$40","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Software-Research-Engineering----PhD-Intern-_JR0287019","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0287009","title":"Advanced Packaging Integration and Simulation Intern","locationText":"USA - AZ - Chandler","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - AZ - Chandler","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-09T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Arizona-Phoenix/Advanced-Packaging-Integration-and-Simulation-Intern_JR0287009","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:40:04.347Z","descriptionText":"$41","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Arizona-Phoenix/Advanced-Packaging-Integration-and-Simulation-Intern_JR0287009","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0286876","title":"Module Engineering PhD Intern 2027","locationText":"USA - OR - Hillsboro","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - OR - Hillsboro","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-09T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Module-Engineering-PhD-Intern-2027_JR0286876","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:40:04.347Z","descriptionText":"$42","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Module-Engineering-PhD-Intern-2027_JR0286876","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Grass Valley","sourceCompany":"grass-valley","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:c10c5da8a16bdbe9e200","title":"Software Development Intern","locationText":"Montreal, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-09T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://grassvalley.applytojob.com/apply/r0V942NWEh/Stagiaire-Dveloppement-De-Logiciel-C-Intern-Software-Development-C","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://grassvalley.applytojob.com/apply/r0V942NWEh/Stagiaire-Dveloppement-De-Logiciel-C-Intern-Software-Development-C","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Pomerleau","sourceCompany":"pomerleau","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:024decd4dede7a1d2f8d","title":"HR Data Analyst Intern","locationText":"Montreal, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-09T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://pomerleau.avature.net/en_US/Jobs/JobDetail/3709","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://pomerleau.avature.net/en_US/Jobs/JobDetail/3709","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Pomerleau","sourceCompany":"pomerleau","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:9090f633a9640bbe2f56","title":"GIS Data Analyst Intern","locationText":"Montreal, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-09T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://pomerleau.avature.net/en_US/Jobs/JobDetail/3695","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://pomerleau.avature.net/en_US/Jobs/JobDetail/3695","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"D2L","sourceCompany":"d2l","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:09061569d6e90418bb9a","title":"Business Insights & Analytics Co-op","locationText":"Kitchener, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Kitchener","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-09T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://www.d2l.com/careers/jobs/?job_id=8188363&gh_jid=8188363","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://www.d2l.com/careers/jobs/?gh_jid=8188363&job_id=8188363","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"D2L","sourceCompany":"d2l","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:681cbf5e6a65db264c44","title":"Software Developer Co-op","locationText":"Kitchener, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Kitchener","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-09T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://www.d2l.com/careers/jobs/?job_id=8174229&gh_jid=8174229","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://www.d2l.com/careers/jobs/?gh_jid=8174229&job_id=8174229","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"GoMaterials","sourceCompany":"gomaterials","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:b428f41c1ba290f68171","title":"Data Quality Intern","locationText":"Montreal, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-09T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.lever.co/gomaterials/be3fb0e8-54a1-43de-b998-99dd071eed19/","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.lever.co/gomaterials/be3fb0e8-54a1-43de-b998-99dd071eed19/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Hexagon AB","sourceCompany":"hexagon-ab","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:5bf94ffc1a320a40e08c","title":"Digital Hardware Engineer Intern","locationText":"Calgary, AB","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Calgary","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-09T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers-hexagonpositioning.icims.com/jobs/3090/job?mobile=true&needsRedirect=false","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://careers-hexagonpositioning.icims.com/jobs/3090/job?mobile=true&needsRedirect=false","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Pomerleau","sourceCompany":"pomerleau","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:b0ce5440d0579739d197","title":"AI Product Analyst Intern","locationText":"Montreal, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-09T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://pomerleau.avature.net/en_US/Jobs/JobDetail/3620","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://pomerleau.avature.net/en_US/Jobs/JobDetail/3620","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Pomerleau","sourceCompany":"pomerleau","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:2db995fb2c80e44b3bd6","title":"Forward Deployed AI Solutions Intern","locationText":"Montreal, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-09T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://pomerleau.avature.net/en_US/Jobs/JobDetail/3619","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://pomerleau.avature.net/en_US/Jobs/JobDetail/3619","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Kinaxis","sourceCompany":"kinaxis","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:73f4bed503f8c7b161ed","title":"Developer Intern, AI Solutions","locationText":"Ottawa, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Ottawa","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-09T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers-kinaxis.icims.com/jobs/35343/job?mobile=true&needsRedirect=false","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://careers-kinaxis.icims.com/jobs/35343/job?mobile=true&needsRedirect=false","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"SECURE","sourceCompany":"secure","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:7578c7549fb897914985","title":"Measurement Intern","locationText":"Calgary, AB","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Calgary","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-09T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers-canada-secure.icims.com/jobs/1954/job?mobile=true&needsRedirect=false","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://careers-canada-secure.icims.com/jobs/1954/job?mobile=true&needsRedirect=false","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"SECURE","sourceCompany":"secure","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:3dfcd646659220c76fc0","title":"Specialty Chemicals Engineering & Technical Analyst","locationText":"Calgary, AB","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Calgary","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"student","postedAt":"2026-09-09T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers-canada-secure.icims.com/jobs/1926/job?mobile=true&needsRedirect=false","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://careers-canada-secure.icims.com/jobs/1926/job?mobile=true&needsRedirect=false","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"SECURE","sourceCompany":"secure","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:1b6c8749239f852c4632","title":"Software Developer Intern","locationText":"Calgary, AB","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Calgary","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-09T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers-canada-secure.icims.com/jobs/1934/job?mobile=true&needsRedirect=false","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://careers-canada-secure.icims.com/jobs/1934/job?mobile=true&needsRedirect=false","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intact","sourceCompany":"intact","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:2cec8c8a1a0390030c3c","title":"AI Developer Intern Co-op","locationText":"Vancouver, BC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Vancouver","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-09T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intactfc.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/intactfc/job/Vancouver-British-Columbia-CAN/AI-Developer---4-Month-Internship-Co-op--Winter-2027--_R155235","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://intactfc.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/intactfc/job/Vancouver-British-Columbia-CAN/AI-Developer---4-Month-Internship-Co-op--Winter-2027--_R155235","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intact","sourceCompany":"intact","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:5dfa1663d47205e286df","title":"Data Engineering Developer Intern Co-op","locationText":"Montreal, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-09T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intactfc.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/intactfc/job/Montral-Quebec-CAN/Data-Engineering-Developer-I---4-Month-Internship-Co-op--Winter-2027--_R155204","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://intactfc.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/intactfc/job/Montral-Quebec-CAN/Data-Engineering-Developer-I---4-Month-Internship-Co-op--Winter-2027--_R155204","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intact","sourceCompany":"intact","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:3fbcb9bd8a99d0b0cffa","title":"Artificial Intelligence Developer Intern Co-op","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-09T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intactfc.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/intactfc/job/Toronto-Ontario-CAN/AI-Developer---4-Month-Internship-Co-op--Winter-2027--_R155234","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://intactfc.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/intactfc/job/Toronto-Ontario-CAN/AI-Developer---4-Month-Internship-Co-op--Winter-2027--_R155234","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intact","sourceCompany":"intact","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:50e7035c5a57e2435246","title":"AI Developer Intern Co-op","locationText":"Montreal, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-09T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intactfc.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/intactfc/job/Montral-Quebec-CAN/AI-Developer---4-Month-Internship-Co-op--Winter-2027--_R155233","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://intactfc.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/intactfc/job/Montral-Quebec-CAN/AI-Developer---4-Month-Internship-Co-op--Winter-2027--_R155233","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:f98ea590faecab99fa84","title":"AI and Compiler Engineering Graduate Intern","locationText":"Remote, Canada","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Remote","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-09T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/en-us/external/job/Virtual-Canada/AI-and-Compiler-Engineering-Graduate-Intern_JR0286850","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/en-us/external/job/Virtual-Canada/AI-and-Compiler-Engineering-Graduate-Intern_JR0286850","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Apple","sourceCompany":"apple","sourceType":"apple-careers-html","jobId":"200682357-3521","title":"GPU Internships - Architecture Validation, Performance Modelling & Platform Architecture","locationText":"Cambridge, United Kingdom ; London, United Kingdom ; Saint Albans, United Kingdom","countryCode":"GB","city":"Cambridge","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-08T13:22:29.713Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200682357-3521/gpu-internships-architecture-validation-performance-modelling-platform-architecture?team=STDNT","tags":["Software and Services","Students","Hardware"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:40:22.260Z","descriptionText":"$43","key":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200682357-3521/gpu-internships-architecture-validation-performance-modelling-platform-architecture?team=STDNT","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Apple","sourceCompany":"apple","sourceType":"apple-careers-html","jobId":"200682357-1251","title":"GPU Internships - Architecture Validation, Performance Modelling & Platform Architecture","locationText":"Cambridge, United Kingdom ; London, United Kingdom ; Saint Albans, United Kingdom","countryCode":"GB","city":"Cambridge","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-08T13:22:29.713Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200682357-1251/gpu-internships-architecture-validation-performance-modelling-platform-architecture?team=STDNT","tags":["Software and Services","Students","Hardware"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:40:22.260Z","descriptionText":"$44","key":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200682357-1251/gpu-internships-architecture-validation-performance-modelling-platform-architecture?team=STDNT","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Apple","sourceCompany":"apple","sourceType":"apple-careers-html","jobId":"200682357-2114","title":"GPU Internships - Architecture Validation, Performance Modelling & Platform Architecture","locationText":"Cambridge, United Kingdom ; London, United Kingdom ; Saint Albans, United Kingdom","countryCode":"GB","city":"Cambridge","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-08T13:22:29.713Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200682357-2114/gpu-internships-architecture-validation-performance-modelling-platform-architecture?team=STDNT","tags":["Software and Services","Students","Hardware"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:40:22.260Z","descriptionText":"$45","key":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200682357-2114/gpu-internships-architecture-validation-performance-modelling-platform-architecture?team=STDNT","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Netflix","sourceCompany":"netflix","sourceType":"netflix-eightfold","jobId":"790317916733","title":"Machine Learning/AI Scientist PhD Intern, Winter 2027","locationText":"Los Gatos,California,United States of America ; Los Angeles,California,United States of America","countryCode":"US","city":"Los Gatos","employmentType":"onsite","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-08T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://explore.jobs.netflix.net/careers/job/790317916733-machine-learning-ai-scientist-phd-intern-winter-2027-los-gatos-california-united-states-of-america?domain=netflix.com&microsite=netflix.com","tags":["Engineering","Streaming"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:17.870Z","descriptionText":"$46","key":"https://explore.jobs.netflix.net/careers/job/790317916733-machine-learning-ai-scientist-phd-intern-winter-2027-los-gatos-california-united-states-of-america?domain=netflix.com&microsite=netflix.com","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Zaber Technologies","sourceCompany":"zaber-technologies","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:2217152fa52ca3906821","title":"Software Developer Co-op","locationText":"Vancouver, BC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Vancouver","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-08T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.workable.com/zaber/j/EAB5877DC3/","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://apply.workable.com/zaber/j/EAB5877DC3/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Zaber Technologies","sourceCompany":"zaber-technologies","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:20039cf54a601cfa5aa0","title":"Embedded Software Co-op","locationText":"Vancouver, BC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Vancouver","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-08T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.workable.com/zaber/j/1F627CC2BB/","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://apply.workable.com/zaber/j/1F627CC2BB/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Rivian and Volkswagen Group Technologies","sourceCompany":"rivian-and-volkswagen-group-technologies","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:b98f3001b624df5f0a96","title":"Software Engineering Intern, Vehicle Controls","locationText":"Vancouver, BC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Vancouver","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-08T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/rivianvw.tech/e00c49b7-44c1-4f0c-af3c-2c7a7402185b/","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/rivianvw.tech/e00c49b7-44c1-4f0c-af3c-2c7a7402185b/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Geotab","sourceCompany":"geotab","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:4001f314236b9e8ee830","title":"Software Developer Intern","locationText":"Toronto, ON / Waterloo, ON / Oakville, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-08T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/internshiplist2000/jobs/5414448008","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/internshiplist2000/jobs/5414448008","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Loblaw Companies","sourceCompany":"loblaw-companies","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:2c90c7eaab95249d8439","title":"Software Development Co-op","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-08T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://myview.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/paradox_careers/job/500-Lake-Shore-Blvd-W-Toronto-ON/Software-Development---Co-op-Student_R2000699845","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://myview.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/paradox_careers/job/500-Lake-Shore-Blvd-W-Toronto-ON/Software-Development---Co-op-Student_R2000699845","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Loblaw Companies","sourceCompany":"loblaw-companies","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:d5dae88e3aec3667154c","title":"Product Analyst Co-op","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-08T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://myview.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/paradox_careers/job/243-Consumers-Road-Toronto-ON/Product-Analyst--Digital-Pharmacy---Co-op-Student_R2000699733","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://myview.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/paradox_careers/job/243-Consumers-Road-Toronto-ON/Product-Analyst--Digital-Pharmacy---Co-op-Student_R2000699733","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Loblaw Companies","sourceCompany":"loblaw-companies","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:f78baa8427ae56ec410e","title":"Analyst Co-op Student","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-08T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://myview.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/paradox_careers/job/500-Lake-Shore-Blvd-W-Toronto-ON/Analyst--Product-Information-Management---Co-op-Student_R2000697260-1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://myview.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/paradox_careers/job/500-Lake-Shore-Blvd-W-Toronto-ON/Analyst--Product-Information-Management---Co-op-Student_R2000697260-1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Loblaw Companies","sourceCompany":"loblaw-companies","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:dae4dc5b5b70a07a0a76","title":"Replenishment Optimization Data & Analytics Co-op","locationText":"Brampton, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Brampton","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-08T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://myview.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/paradox_careers/job/1-Presidents-Choice-Circle-Brampton-ON/Replenishment-Optimization-Data---Analytics---Co-op-Student_R2000697074","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://myview.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/paradox_careers/job/1-Presidents-Choice-Circle-Brampton-ON/Replenishment-Optimization-Data---Analytics---Co-op-Student_R2000697074","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Loblaw Companies","sourceCompany":"loblaw-companies","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:3cdb8ea65401d6895252","title":"Applied Machine Learning Co-op","locationText":"Brampton, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Brampton","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-08T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://myview.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/paradox_careers/job/1-Presidents-Choice-Circle-Brampton-ON/Applied-Machine-Learning---Co-op-Student_R2000697038","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://myview.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/paradox_careers/job/1-Presidents-Choice-Circle-Brampton-ON/Applied-Machine-Learning---Co-op-Student_R2000697038","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Loblaw Companies","sourceCompany":"loblaw-companies","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:6f00fafa1f2dbb3c56fb","title":"Revenue Management Co-op Student","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-08T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://myview.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/paradox_careers/job/500-Lake-Shore-Blvd-W-Toronto-ON/Revenue-Management---Co-op-Student_R2000695589","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://myview.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/paradox_careers/job/500-Lake-Shore-Blvd-W-Toronto-ON/Revenue-Management---Co-op-Student_R2000695589","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Loblaw Companies","sourceCompany":"loblaw-companies","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:309f69af7a3743d54f52","title":"Technical Analyst Co-op","locationText":"Mississauga, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Mississauga","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-08T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://myview.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/paradox_careers/job/1685-Tech-Ave-Mississauga-ON/Business-Analyst-Co-op-Student_R2000697512-2","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://myview.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/paradox_careers/job/1685-Tech-Ave-Mississauga-ON/Business-Analyst-Co-op-Student_R2000697512-2","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Loblaw Companies","sourceCompany":"loblaw-companies","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:8822b7769c896fb67199","title":"Insights Analyst Co-op","locationText":"Brampton, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Brampton","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-08T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://myview.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/paradox_careers/job/1-Presidents-Choice-Circle-Brampton-ON/Insights-Analyst---Co-op-Student_R2000695181","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://myview.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/paradox_careers/job/1-Presidents-Choice-Circle-Brampton-ON/Insights-Analyst---Co-op-Student_R2000695181","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Loblaw Companies","sourceCompany":"loblaw-companies","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:b0cd71407db92e6d327b","title":"Technology Transformation Co-op","locationText":"Brampton, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Brampton","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-08T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://myview.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/paradox_careers/job/1-Presidents-Choice-Circle-Brampton-ON/Loblaw-Brands--Technology-Transformation---Co-op-Student_R2000695051","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://myview.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/paradox_careers/job/1-Presidents-Choice-Circle-Brampton-ON/Loblaw-Brands--Technology-Transformation---Co-op-Student_R2000695051","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Loblaw Companies","sourceCompany":"loblaw-companies","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:92008e93b1f99e60ca3f","title":"Replenishment Optimization Data & Analytics Co-op","locationText":"Brampton, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Brampton","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-08T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://myview.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/paradox_careers/job/1-Presidents-Choice-Circle-Brampton-ON/Replenishment-Optimization-Data---Analytics---Co-op-Student_R2000697099","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://myview.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/paradox_careers/job/1-Presidents-Choice-Circle-Brampton-ON/Replenishment-Optimization-Data---Analytics---Co-op-Student_R2000697099","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Loblaw Companies","sourceCompany":"loblaw-companies","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:7a77405471b90af5c34d","title":"Supply Chain Business Intelligence Co-op","locationText":"Brampton, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Brampton","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-08T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://myview.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/paradox_careers/job/1-Presidents-Choice-Circle-Brampton-ON/Supply-Chain-Business-Intelligence---Co-op-Student_R2000697069","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://myview.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/paradox_careers/job/1-Presidents-Choice-Circle-Brampton-ON/Supply-Chain-Business-Intelligence---Co-op-Student_R2000697069","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"TD Bank","sourceCompany":"td-bank","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:6da55438429feea305f5","title":"Applied Machine Learning Scientist Co-op","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-08T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://td.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/TD_Bank_Careers/job/Toronto-Ontario/AI2-Applied-Machine-Learning-Scientist-Co-op--WINTER-2027-_R_1506697-1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://td.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/TD_Bank_Careers/job/Toronto-Ontario/AI2-Applied-Machine-Learning-Scientist-Co-op--WINTER-2027-_R_1506697-1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"TD Bank","sourceCompany":"td-bank","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:33e34ed1e280ba2ebb3f","title":"Business Intelligence Co-op Intern","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-08T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://td.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/TD_Bank_Careers/job/Toronto-Ontario/AI2-Business-Intelligence-Co-op-Intern--WINTER-2027-_R_1506122","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://td.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/TD_Bank_Careers/job/Toronto-Ontario/AI2-Business-Intelligence-Co-op-Intern--WINTER-2027-_R_1506122","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"TD Bank","sourceCompany":"td-bank","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:a4d766956900cdbaee05","title":"Business Insights & Analytics Co-op Intern","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-08T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://td.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/TD_Bank_Careers/job/TD-Centre---TD-Tower---66-Wellington-Street-West-Toronto-Ontario/Business-Insights---Analytics-Co-op-Intern-Winter-2027_R_1506527","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://td.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/TD_Bank_Careers/job/TD-Centre---TD-Tower---66-Wellington-Street-West-Toronto-Ontario/Business-Insights---Analytics-Co-op-Intern-Winter-2027_R_1506527","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"TD Bank","sourceCompany":"td-bank","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:edb9b8b38ef00be9f246","title":"Data Science Intern/Co-op","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-08T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://td.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/TD_Bank_Careers/job/Toronto-Ontario/Enterprise-Real-Estate-Intern-Co-op_R_1504711","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://td.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/TD_Bank_Careers/job/Toronto-Ontario/Enterprise-Real-Estate-Intern-Co-op_R_1504711","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"TD Bank","sourceCompany":"td-bank","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:e0e48ab046fe76664d24","title":"Portfolio Analytics Developer Intern/Co-op","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-08T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://td.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/TD_Bank_Careers/job/161-Bay-Street-Corporate-Toronto-Ontario/TD-Asset-Management-Portfolio-Analytics-Developer-Intern-Co-Op--Winter-2027-_R_1509223","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://td.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/TD_Bank_Careers/job/161-Bay-Street-Corporate-Toronto-Ontario/TD-Asset-Management-Portfolio-Analytics-Developer-Intern-Co-Op--Winter-2027-_R_1509223","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"TD Bank","sourceCompany":"td-bank","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:3008b5ec8fd596c1de2d","title":"Portfolio Analytics Data Analyst Intern/Co-op","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-08T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://td.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/TD_Bank_Careers/job/Toronto-Ontario/TDAM-Portfolio-Analytics-Data-Analyst-Intern-Co-Op--Winter-202-_R_1506711","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://td.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/TD_Bank_Careers/job/Toronto-Ontario/TDAM-Portfolio-Analytics-Data-Analyst-Intern-Co-Op--Winter-202-_R_1506711","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"TD Bank","sourceCompany":"td-bank","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:06eb4ee45d4bdfc01444","title":"Product Management Intern/Co-op","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-08T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://td.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/TD_Bank_Careers/job/Toronto-Ontario/Personal-Savings---Investing--PS-I--Product-Management-Intern-Co-op_R_1504373","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://td.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/TD_Bank_Careers/job/Toronto-Ontario/Personal-Savings---Investing--PS-I--Product-Management-Intern-Co-op_R_1504373","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"TD Bank","sourceCompany":"td-bank","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:1601bb7282509204d3d6","title":"Software Engineering Rotational Program","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"student","postedAt":"2026-09-08T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://td.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/TD_Bank_Careers/job/Toronto-Ontario/XMLNAME-2027-Summer-Analyst---Software-Engineering-Rotational-Program--Toronto-_R_1509435","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://td.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/TD_Bank_Careers/job/Toronto-Ontario/XMLNAME-2027-Summer-Analyst---Software-Engineering-Rotational-Program--Toronto-_R_1509435","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Lumentum","sourceCompany":"lumentum","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:95745b57a825a190eaf9","title":"Optical Verification Engineer Intern Co-op","locationText":"Ottawa, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Ottawa","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-08T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://lumentum.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/LITE/job/Canada---Ottawa-Bill-Leathem/Optical-Verification-Engineer-Co-op-Intern_20261193","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://lumentum.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/LITE/job/Canada---Ottawa-Bill-Leathem/Optical-Verification-Engineer-Co-op-Intern_20261193","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Stripe","sourceCompany":"stripe","sourceType":"stripe-careers-next-data","jobId":"8130883","title":"Software Engineer, Intern","locationText":"Singapore","countryCode":"SG","city":"Singapore","employmentType":"Intern","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-07T05:44:20.176Z","applyUrl":"https://stripe.com/careers/listing/software-engineer-intern/8130883","tags":["University","University"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:16.284Z","descriptionText":"Help increase the GDP of the internet as part of our University team.","key":"https://stripe.com/careers/listing/software-engineer-intern/8130883","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Royal Bank of Canada","sourceCompany":"royal-bank-of-canada","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:684349715717a48e60a7","title":"Data Engineer, RBC Amplify","locationText":"Halifax, NS","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Halifax","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"student","postedAt":"2026-09-07T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://rbc.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/rbcglobal1/job/HALIFAX-Nova-Scotia-Canada/Data-Engineer--RBC-Amplify-2027--Halifax_R-0000187117","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://rbc.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/rbcglobal1/job/HALIFAX-Nova-Scotia-Canada/Data-Engineer--RBC-Amplify-2027--Halifax_R-0000187117","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Royal Bank of Canada","sourceCompany":"royal-bank-of-canada","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:2a1fed24e076a4114a62","title":"Developer, RBC Amplify","locationText":"Halifax, NS","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Halifax","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"student","postedAt":"2026-09-07T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://rbc.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/rbcglobal1/job/HALIFAX-Nova-Scotia-Canada/Developer--RBC-Amplify-2027--Halifax_R-0000187119","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://rbc.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/rbcglobal1/job/HALIFAX-Nova-Scotia-Canada/Developer--RBC-Amplify-2027--Halifax_R-0000187119","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Royal Bank of Canada","sourceCompany":"royal-bank-of-canada","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:97389f8cd515acca0a00","title":"Data Engineer, RBC Amplify","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"student","postedAt":"2026-09-07T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://rbc.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/rbcglobal1/job/TORONTO-Ontario-Canada/Data-Engineer--RBC-Amplify-2027--Toronto_R-0000187113","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://rbc.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/rbcglobal1/job/TORONTO-Ontario-Canada/Data-Engineer--RBC-Amplify-2027--Toronto_R-0000187113","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Entrust","sourceCompany":"entrust","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:5b5bb7899ad4a5b9a7be","title":"Software Developer Intern","locationText":"Ottawa, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Ottawa","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-07T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://entrust.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/entrustcareers/job/Canada---Ottawa/Intern---Software-Developer---8-months-Hybrid-in-Ottawa_R004358","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://entrust.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/entrustcareers/job/Canada---Ottawa/Intern---Software-Developer---8-months-Hybrid-in-Ottawa_R004358","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Apple","sourceCompany":"apple","sourceType":"apple-careers-html","jobId":"200681934-3521","title":"Formal Verification Intern","locationText":"Saint Albans, United Kingdom","countryCode":"GB","city":"Saint Albans","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-04T11:57:22.668Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200681934-3521/formal-verification-intern?team=STDNT","tags":["Students","Hardware"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:40:22.260Z","descriptionText":"$47","key":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200681934-3521/formal-verification-intern?team=STDNT","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Hexagon AB","sourceCompany":"hexagon-ab","sourceType":"github-simplify-list","sourceName":"Simplify Summer 2027 Internships","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/SimplifyJobs/Summer2027-Internships","jobId":"github-simplify-list:1ebf0880eee85bb05fdb","title":"Positioning Services Intern","locationText":"Calgary, AB, Canada","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Calgary","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-04T08:39:15.337Z","applyUrl":"https://careers-hexagonpositioning.icims.com/jobs/3085/job?mobile=true&needsRedirect=false&utm_source=Simplify&ref=Simplify","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Simplify / Pitt CSC"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.337Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://careers-hexagonpositioning.icims.com/jobs/3085/job?mobile=true&needsRedirect=false","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Bree","sourceCompany":"bree","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:208c76a5c41b50174628","title":"Software Engineer Co-op, Product","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-04T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"http://jobs.ashbyhq.com/bree/17d8dd15-5f97-4003-8d6c-170dca13ff88/application?embed=true","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"http://jobs.ashbyhq.com/bree/17d8dd15-5f97-4003-8d6c-170dca13ff88/application?embed=true","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Bree","sourceCompany":"bree","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:50cc3fdb81ba4dd38ce6","title":"Software Engineer Co-op, Backend","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-04T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"http://jobs.ashbyhq.com/bree/42fe78c1-e73f-4918-bf71-776b8142112b/application?embed=true","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"http://jobs.ashbyhq.com/bree/42fe78c1-e73f-4918-bf71-776b8142112b/application?embed=true","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"General Dynamics UK","sourceCompany":"general-dynamics-uk","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:dc82a14ea05d0f4fda5c","title":"Systems Engineering Co-op","locationText":"Ottawa, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Ottawa","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-04T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/GDMSI/744000147549219","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/GDMSI/744000147549219","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"General Dynamics UK","sourceCompany":"general-dynamics-uk","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:bd2b10da63f24917f00e","title":"Computer Science and Robotics Co-op","locationText":"Sherbrooke, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Sherbrooke","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-04T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/GDMSI/744000147541849","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/GDMSI/744000147541849","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"General Dynamics UK","sourceCompany":"general-dynamics-uk","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:1a3c2f715c9bae6d8771","title":"Software Engineering Co-op","locationText":"Cole Harbour, NS","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Cole Harbour","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-04T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/GDMSI/744000147583700","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/GDMSI/744000147583700","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"General Dynamics UK","sourceCompany":"general-dynamics-uk","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:d60b7883fd666ce73735","title":"Systems Engineering Co-op","locationText":"Ottawa, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Ottawa","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-04T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/GDMSI/744000147537709","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/GDMSI/744000147537709","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"AltaML","sourceCompany":"altaml","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:b2b0f3616e840a961cf2","title":"Associate Product Manager","locationText":"Edmonton, AB / Toronto, ON / Calgary, AB","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Edmonton","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"student","postedAt":"2026-09-04T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.lever.co/altaml/1b27d80a-ac06-45cd-9335-37d9380226dd/","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.lever.co/altaml/1b27d80a-ac06-45cd-9335-37d9380226dd/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Kinaxis","sourceCompany":"kinaxis","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:0c7d63a64d4b6d68331f","title":"Software Developer Co-op/Intern, Core Algorithms","locationText":"Ottawa, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Ottawa","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-04T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers-kinaxis.icims.com/jobs/35329/job?mobile=true&needsRedirect=false","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://careers-kinaxis.icims.com/jobs/35329/job?mobile=true&needsRedirect=false","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Geotab","sourceCompany":"geotab","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:d497bf46f1db35b7cccc","title":"Software Developer Intern, Mygeotab","locationText":"Toronto, ON / Waterloo, ON / Oakville, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-04T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/internshiplist2000/jobs/5383412008","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/internshiplist2000/jobs/5383412008","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"General Dynamics UK","sourceCompany":"general-dynamics-uk","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:9470e6277207ee7a116d","title":"Software Engineering Co-op","locationText":"Ottawa, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Ottawa","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-04T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/GDMSI/744000147511629","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/GDMSI/744000147511629","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"General Dynamics UK","sourceCompany":"general-dynamics-uk","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:6a3a9f78940bbd336471","title":"Mobile Domain System Engineering Co-op","locationText":"Calgary, AB","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Calgary","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-04T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/GDMSI/744000147552960","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/GDMSI/744000147552960","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"RTX","sourceCompany":"rtx","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:071fc04acb647abaf930","title":"Digital Transformation of Aeronautic Manufacturing Intern","locationText":"Longueuil, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Longueuil","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-04T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://globalhr.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/rec_rtx_ext_gateway/job/CA-QC-LONGUEUIL-J01--1000-Blvd-Marie-Victorin--J01-BLDG/Stage---hiver-2027---Transformation-numerique-de-la-fabrication-aeronautique---Internship---Winter-2027---Digital-Transformation-of-Aeronautic-Manufacturing_01865735","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://globalhr.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/rec_rtx_ext_gateway/job/CA-QC-LONGUEUIL-J01--1000-Blvd-Marie-Victorin--J01-BLDG/Stage---hiver-2027---Transformation-numerique-de-la-fabrication-aeronautique---Internship---Winter-2027---Digital-Transformation-of-Aeronautic-Manufacturing_01865735","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"RTX","sourceCompany":"rtx","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:195622a6750ff9509edb","title":"Proactive Engine Performance Monitoring Intern","locationText":"Longueuil, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Longueuil","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-04T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://globalhr.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/rec_rtx_ext_gateway/job/CA-QC-LONGUEUIL-J01--1000-Blvd-Marie-Victorin--J01-BLDG/Stage---Hiver-2027--Supervision-proactive-de-la-performance-des-moteurs---DPHM-proactive---Internship---Winter-2027---Proactive-Engine-Performance-Monitoring---Proactive-DPHM_01871323","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://globalhr.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/rec_rtx_ext_gateway/job/CA-QC-LONGUEUIL-J01--1000-Blvd-Marie-Victorin--J01-BLDG/Stage---Hiver-2027--Supervision-proactive-de-la-performance-des-moteurs---DPHM-proactive---Internship---Winter-2027---Proactive-Engine-Performance-Monitoring---Proactive-DPHM_01871323","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Procter & Gamble","sourceCompany":"procter-gamble","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:066531bb9ae02dfee2be","title":"Digital Technologies Intern/Co-op","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-04T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://pg.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/1000/job/TORONTO-GO/Digital-Technologies-Internship-Co-op---Stage-ou-programme-coopratif-en-en-technologies-digitales_R000158595","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://pg.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/1000/job/TORONTO-GO/Digital-Technologies-Internship-Co-op---Stage-ou-programme-coopratif-en-en-technologies-digitales_R000158595","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Procter & Gamble","sourceCompany":"procter-gamble","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:6eac841f9549c8cedb14","title":"Analytics & Insights Intern/Co-op","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-04T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://pg.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/1000/job/TORONTO-GO/Analytics---Insights-Internship-Co-op-Summer-2027--Stage-ou-programme-coopratif-en-Analyse-et-veille-stratgique-t-2027_R000158592","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://pg.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/1000/job/TORONTO-GO/Analytics---Insights-Internship-Co-op-Summer-2027--Stage-ou-programme-coopratif-en-Analyse-et-veille-stratgique-t-2027_R000158592","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0286835","title":"Technical Sales - Intern, Bachelor’s","locationText":"USA - CA - Santa Clara","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - CA - Santa Clara","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-03T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-California-Santa-Clara/Technical-Sales---Intern--Bachelor-s_JR0286835","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:40:04.347Z","descriptionText":"$48","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-California-Santa-Clara/Technical-Sales---Intern--Bachelor-s_JR0286835","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0286831","title":"Technical Sales - Intern, Graduate","locationText":"USA - CA - Santa Clara","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - CA - Santa Clara","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-03T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-California-Santa-Clara/Technical-Sales---Intern--Graduate_JR0286831","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:40:04.347Z","descriptionText":"$49","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-California-Santa-Clara/Technical-Sales---Intern--Graduate_JR0286831","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0286838","title":"Sales and Marketing - Intern, Bachelor’s","locationText":"USA - CA - Santa Clara","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - CA - Santa Clara","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-03T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-California-Santa-Clara/Sales-and-Marketing---Intern--Bachelor-s_JR0286838","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:40:04.347Z","descriptionText":"$4a","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-California-Santa-Clara/Sales-and-Marketing---Intern--Bachelor-s_JR0286838","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0286839","title":"Sales and Marketing - Intern, Graduate","locationText":"USA - CA - Santa Clara","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - CA - Santa Clara","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-03T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-California-Santa-Clara/Sales-and-Marketing---Intern--Graduate_JR0286839","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:40:04.347Z","descriptionText":"$4b","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-California-Santa-Clara/Sales-and-Marketing---Intern--Graduate_JR0286839","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Geotab","sourceCompany":"geotab","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:f4f83453feef9bb8ab93","title":"Software Developer Intern","locationText":"Toronto, ON / Oakville, ON / Waterloo, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-03T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/internshiplist2000/jobs/5376578008","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/internshiplist2000/jobs/5376578008","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"AltaML","sourceCompany":"altaml","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:01e2cd8693c48e68d7db","title":"Associate Software Developer","locationText":"Calgary, AB / Edmonton, AB","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Calgary","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"student","postedAt":"2026-09-03T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.lever.co/altaml/abed5ba5-8cbe-46b1-beae-25fe30bc4c91/","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.lever.co/altaml/abed5ba5-8cbe-46b1-beae-25fe30bc4c91/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"General Dynamics UK","sourceCompany":"general-dynamics-uk","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:85e53ec22924063fe72b","title":"Software Engineering Co-op","locationText":"Calgary, AB","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Calgary","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-03T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/GDMSI/744000147563929","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/GDMSI/744000147563929","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Hexagon AB","sourceCompany":"hexagon-ab","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:8a0c27b43d321e199f8d","title":"Sensor Fusion Defence Intern","locationText":"Calgary, AB","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Calgary","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-03T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers-hexagonpositioning.icims.com/jobs/3079/job?mobile=true&needsRedirect=false","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://careers-hexagonpositioning.icims.com/jobs/3079/job?mobile=true&needsRedirect=false","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Hexagon AB","sourceCompany":"hexagon-ab","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:b7c45695d2f5f13315f9","title":"Defense Engineer Intern","locationText":"Calgary, AB","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Calgary","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-03T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers-hexagonpositioning.icims.com/jobs/3078/job?mobile=true&needsRedirect=false","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://careers-hexagonpositioning.icims.com/jobs/3078/job?mobile=true&needsRedirect=false","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Hexagon AB","sourceCompany":"hexagon-ab","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:1489010674dc40c7dc39","title":"Geomatics Engineer Intern","locationText":"Calgary, AB","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Calgary","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-03T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers-hexagonpositioning.icims.com/jobs/3093/job?mobile=true&needsRedirect=false","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://careers-hexagonpositioning.icims.com/jobs/3093/job?mobile=true&needsRedirect=false","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Kinaxis","sourceCompany":"kinaxis","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:fc3333bfebd2ef5d284a","title":"Developer Intern Co-op, Machine Learning","locationText":"Remote, Canada","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Remote","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-03T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers-kinaxis.icims.com/jobs/35297/job?mobile=true&needsRedirect=false","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://careers-kinaxis.icims.com/jobs/35297/job?mobile=true&needsRedirect=false","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"AMD","sourceCompany":"amd","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:112db96df0479f31b585","title":"Diagnostics Design Engineering Intern/Co-op","locationText":"Markham, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Markham","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-03T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/91308?icims=1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/91308?icims=1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"AMD","sourceCompany":"amd","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:1031674983eb4541c14a","title":"Hardware Design Verification Engineer Intern/Co-op","locationText":"Markham, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Markham","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-03T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/91361?icims=1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/91361?icims=1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"North American Construction Group","sourceCompany":"north-american-construction-group","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:82fe304765e6908fb950","title":"Full Stack Developer Co-op","locationText":"Acheson, AB","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Acheson","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-03T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers-nacg.icims.com/jobs/17153/job?mobile=true&needsRedirect=false","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://careers-nacg.icims.com/jobs/17153/job?mobile=true&needsRedirect=false","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Geotab","sourceCompany":"geotab","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:d0860526e00101ed9c39","title":"Software Developer Intern","locationText":"Toronto, ON / Oakville, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-03T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/internshiplist2000/jobs/5350915008","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/internshiplist2000/jobs/5350915008","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"AltaML","sourceCompany":"altaml","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:c61543dfa9aceef14b7a","title":"Associate Software Engineer","locationText":"Edmonton, AB","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Edmonton","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"student","postedAt":"2026-09-03T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.lever.co/altaml/bd8167f5-e84c-48b1-9cad-2831bf71dea1/","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.lever.co/altaml/bd8167f5-e84c-48b1-9cad-2831bf71dea1/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Nokia","sourceCompany":"nokia","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:3698a28ec4f6d38ee64f","title":"DSP Firmware Engineer Co-op/Intern","locationText":"Ottawa, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Ottawa","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-03T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://fa-evmr-saasfaprod1.fa.ocs.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX_1/job/39237","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://fa-evmr-saasfaprod1.fa.ocs.oraclecloud.com/hcmUI/CandidateExperience/en/sites/CX_1/job/39237","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Mirego","sourceCompany":"mirego","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:f8e8d5299425a4040df7","title":"Software Development Intern, Generative Artificial Intelligence Team","locationText":"Québec City, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Québec City","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-03T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.lever.co/mirego/0c8b2116-e325-4a26-b87e-a80b4b37dda7/","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.lever.co/mirego/0c8b2116-e325-4a26-b87e-a80b4b37dda7/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Mirego","sourceCompany":"mirego","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:1c282459b59aec6e4b68","title":"Software Developer Intern","locationText":"Québec City, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Québec City","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-03T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.lever.co/mirego/b5d63a2b-c4b6-4a14-9e2a-bb8a23ed92b1/","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.lever.co/mirego/b5d63a2b-c4b6-4a14-9e2a-bb8a23ed92b1/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"AMD","sourceCompany":"amd","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:417c900b1780d8355ea8","title":"ASIC Verification Engineer Intern/Co-op","locationText":"Ottawa, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Ottawa","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-03T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/91207?icims=1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/91207?icims=1","hot":true,"hidden":false},{"company":"Geotab","sourceCompany":"geotab","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:161ecca6b4b1763f9d86","title":"Software Developer Intern","locationText":"Oakville, ON / Waterloo, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Oakville","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-03T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/internshiplist2000/jobs/5361630008","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/internshiplist2000/jobs/5361630008","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"General Dynamics UK","sourceCompany":"general-dynamics-uk","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:283d56d9081581338657","title":"Software Engineer Co-op","locationText":"Ottawa, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Ottawa","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-03T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/GDMSI/744000147019949","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/GDMSI/744000147019949","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Atlassian","sourceCompany":"atlassian","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:68627622266f50ac0d41","title":"Software Engineer Intern","locationText":"Burnaby, BC / Vancouver, BC / Richmond, BC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Burnaby","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-03T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://campus-globalcareers-atlassian.icims.com/jobs/26275/software-engineer-intern%2c-2027-canada/job","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://campus-globalcareers-atlassian.icims.com/jobs/26275/software-engineer-intern%2c-2027-canada/job","hot":true,"hidden":false},{"company":"Varian","sourceCompany":"varian","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:725f784b61a0aa80fae6","title":"Software Developer Co-op","locationText":"Winnipeg, MB","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Winnipeg","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-03T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://onehealthineers.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/SHSJB/job/YWG-BW/Software-Developer-Co-op---University-of-Manitoba_R-30141","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://onehealthineers.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/SHSJB/job/YWG-BW/Software-Developer-Co-op---University-of-Manitoba_R-30141","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"RTX","sourceCompany":"rtx","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:e7a119370e2b08bb27a4","title":"Advanced Analytics Products & Change Management Intern, Advanced Analytics AI Evolution Project","locationText":"Longueuil, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Longueuil","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-03T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://globalhr.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/rec_rtx_ext_gateway/job/CA-QC-LONGUEUIL-J01--1000-Blvd-Marie-Victorin--J01-BLDG/Stage---Hiver-2027---Analyste-systmes-d-affaires-et-transformation---Internship---Winter-2027---Analyst-Business-Systems-and-Transformation_01869327","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://globalhr.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/rec_rtx_ext_gateway/job/CA-QC-LONGUEUIL-J01--1000-Blvd-Marie-Victorin--J01-BLDG/Stage---Hiver-2027---Analyste-systmes-d-affaires-et-transformation---Internship---Winter-2027---Analyst-Business-Systems-and-Transformation_01869327","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"RTX","sourceCompany":"rtx","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:c87abad723aa64e9090f","title":"Data Analyst Intern, Spare Parts Services","locationText":"Longueuil, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Longueuil","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-03T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://globalhr.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/rec_rtx_ext_gateway/job/CA-QC-LONGUEUIL-J01--1000-Blvd-Marie-Victorin--J01-BLDG/Stage---Hiver-2027---Analyste-de-donnes--Services-de-pices-de-rechange---Internship---Winter-2027---Data-Analyst--Spare-Parts-Services_01872182","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://globalhr.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/rec_rtx_ext_gateway/job/CA-QC-LONGUEUIL-J01--1000-Blvd-Marie-Victorin--J01-BLDG/Stage---Hiver-2027---Analyste-de-donnes--Services-de-pices-de-rechange---Internship---Winter-2027---Data-Analyst--Spare-Parts-Services_01872182","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"RTX","sourceCompany":"rtx","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:8f6cef65c0f1db2c2128","title":"Development of Performance Indicators and Process and Project Management","locationText":"Longueuil, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Longueuil","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"student","postedAt":"2026-09-03T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://globalhr.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/rec_rtx_ext_gateway/job/CA-QC-LONGUEUIL-J01--1000-Blvd-Marie-Victorin--J01-BLDG/Stage---Hiver-2027---Dveloppement-d-indicateurs-de-performance-et-gestion-des-processus-et-projets---Internship---Winter-2027--Development-of-Performance-Indicators-and-Process-and-Project-Management_01867284","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://globalhr.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/rec_rtx_ext_gateway/job/CA-QC-LONGUEUIL-J01--1000-Blvd-Marie-Victorin--J01-BLDG/Stage---Hiver-2027---Dveloppement-d-indicateurs-de-performance-et-gestion-des-processus-et-projets---Internship---Winter-2027--Development-of-Performance-Indicators-and-Process-and-Project-Management_01867284","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Canadian Tire","sourceCompany":"canadian-tire","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:31b9c542f9c4857da823","title":"Business Operations Analyst Student","locationText":"Welland, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Welland","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"student","postedAt":"2026-09-03T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://canadiantirecorporation.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/Enterprise_External_Careers_Site/job/Welland-ON/Business-Operations-Analyst-Student--4-months----Winter-2027_JR164928","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://canadiantirecorporation.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/Enterprise_External_Careers_Site/job/Welland-ON/Business-Operations-Analyst-Student--4-months----Winter-2027_JR164928","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Teledyne","sourceCompany":"teledyne","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:2939b6d38a1046b9d453","title":"LiDAR Data Analyst Co-op","locationText":"Concord, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Concord","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-03T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://flir.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/flircareers/job/Canada---Concord-ON-TDY/LiDAR-Data-Analyst--Co-op-_REQ36378","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://flir.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/flircareers/job/Canada---Concord-ON-TDY/LiDAR-Data-Analyst--Co-op-_REQ36378","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0286825","title":"Manufacturing and Process Development - Intern, Bachelor’s","locationText":"USA - OR - Aloha","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - OR - Aloha","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-02T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Manufacturing-and-Process-Development---Intern--Bachelor-s_JR0286825","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:40:04.347Z","descriptionText":"$4c","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Manufacturing-and-Process-Development---Intern--Bachelor-s_JR0286825","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0286833","title":"Manufacturing and Process Development - Intern, Graduate","locationText":"USA - OR - Aloha","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - OR - Aloha","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-02T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Manufacturing-and-Process-Development---Intern--Graduate_JR0286833","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:40:04.347Z","descriptionText":"$4d","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Manufacturing-and-Process-Development---Intern--Graduate_JR0286833","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0286826","title":"Facilities Services - Intern, Bachelor’s","locationText":"USA - OR - Aloha","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - OR - Aloha","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-02T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Facilities-Services---Intern--Bachelor-s_JR0286826","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:40:04.347Z","descriptionText":"$4e","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Facilities-Services---Intern--Bachelor-s_JR0286826","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0286827","title":"Platform Hardware and Systems Engineering - Intern, Bachelor’s","locationText":"USA - OR - Aloha","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - OR - Aloha","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-02T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Platform-Hardware-and-Systems-Engineering---Intern--Bachelor-s_JR0286827","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:40:04.347Z","descriptionText":"$4f","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Platform-Hardware-and-Systems-Engineering---Intern--Bachelor-s_JR0286827","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0286828","title":"Platform Hardware and Systems Engineering - Intern, Graduate","locationText":"USA - OR - Aloha","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - OR - Aloha","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-02T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Platform-Hardware-and-Systems-Engineering---Intern--Graduate_JR0286828","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:40:04.347Z","descriptionText":"$50","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Platform-Hardware-and-Systems-Engineering---Intern--Graduate_JR0286828","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0286829","title":"Silicon Hardware Engineering - Intern, Bachelor’s","locationText":"USA - OR - Aloha","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - OR - Aloha","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-02T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Silicon-Hardware-Engineering---Intern--Bachelor-s_JR0286829","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:40:04.347Z","descriptionText":"$51","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Silicon-Hardware-Engineering---Intern--Bachelor-s_JR0286829","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0286830","title":"Silicon Hardware Engineering - Intern, Graduate","locationText":"USA - OR - Aloha","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - OR - Aloha","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-02T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Silicon-Hardware-Engineering---Intern--Graduate_JR0286830","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:40:04.347Z","descriptionText":"$52","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Silicon-Hardware-Engineering---Intern--Graduate_JR0286830","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0286834","title":"Software Engineering - Intern, Bachelor’s","locationText":"USA - OR - Aloha","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - OR - Aloha","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-02T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Software-Engineering---Intern--Bachelor-s_JR0286834","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:40:04.347Z","descriptionText":"$53","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Software-Engineering---Intern--Bachelor-s_JR0286834","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0286836","title":"Software Engineering - Intern, Graduate","locationText":"USA - OR - Aloha","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - OR - Aloha","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-02T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Software-Engineering---Intern--Graduate_JR0286836","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:40:04.347Z","descriptionText":"$54","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-Oregon-Hillsboro/Software-Engineering---Intern--Graduate_JR0286836","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"General Dynamics UK","sourceCompany":"general-dynamics-uk","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:ea7d3374223b9f5455dd","title":"Software Developer Co-op","locationText":"Calgary, AB","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Calgary","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-02T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/GDMSI/744000146985399","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/GDMSI/744000146985399","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Geotab","sourceCompany":"geotab","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:7e61823c0f142d3171f8","title":"Product Coordinator Intern, Driver Compliance","locationText":"Toronto, ON / Waterloo, ON / Oakville, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-02T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/internshiplist2000/jobs/5360844008","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/internshiplist2000/jobs/5360844008","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Geotab","sourceCompany":"geotab","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:313e069eaf829149d88b","title":"Product Management Intern, Installation Experience","locationText":"Oakville, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Oakville","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-02T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/internshiplist2000/jobs/5383920008","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/internshiplist2000/jobs/5383920008","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Remarcable","sourceCompany":"remarcable","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:8f7a1aa9a9f831fd7681","title":"Full Stack Developer Co-op","locationText":"Vancouver, BC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Vancouver","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-02T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/remarcable-inc/a4f3aaaa-9469-42e8-a610-450d25eb5da7/","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/remarcable-inc/a4f3aaaa-9469-42e8-a610-450d25eb5da7/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"RTX","sourceCompany":"rtx","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:734a5c13ea70224dcd86","title":"Data Analyst Intern, Global Sales","locationText":"Longueuil, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Longueuil","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-02T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://globalhr.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/rec_rtx_ext_gateway/job/CA-QC-SAINT-HUBERT-H12--7007-Chemin-De-La-Savane--BLDG-H12-TRAINING/Stage---Hiver-2027----Ventes-globales---Internship---Winter-2027----Global-Sales_01869713","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://globalhr.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/rec_rtx_ext_gateway/job/CA-QC-SAINT-HUBERT-H12--7007-Chemin-De-La-Savane--BLDG-H12-TRAINING/Stage---Hiver-2027----Ventes-globales---Internship---Winter-2027----Global-Sales_01869713","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Microsoft","sourceCompany":"microsoft","sourceType":"microsoft-pcsx","jobId":"1970393556978904","title":"Research Intern","locationText":"Singapore, Singapore, Singapore","countryCode":"SG","city":"SG","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-01T16:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556978904?hl=en","tags":["Research Sciences","onsite"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:49.955Z","descriptionText":"$55","key":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556978904?hl=en","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Trane Technologies","sourceCompany":"trane-technologies","sourceType":"github-simplify-list","sourceName":"Simplify Summer 2027 Internships","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/SimplifyJobs/Summer2027-Internships","jobId":"github-simplify-list:a4dbcc5b663f24aa85e9","title":"AI Intern - AI Product Management - AI Controls Integration","locationText":"Montreal, QC, Canada","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-01T08:39:15.337Z","applyUrl":"https://careers.tranetechnologies.com/global/en/job/JR-7608?utm_source=Simplify&ref=Simplify","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Simplify / Pitt CSC"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.337Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://careers.tranetechnologies.com/global/en/job/JR-7608","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"General Dynamics UK","sourceCompany":"general-dynamics-uk","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:eb94d4bab280b58a6833","title":"Software Engineering Co-op","locationText":"Ottawa, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Ottawa","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/GDMSI/744000146822449","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/GDMSI/744000146822449","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Grass Valley","sourceCompany":"grass-valley","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:0df36788407044f0798a","title":"Software Development Intern","locationText":"Montreal, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://grassvalley.applytojob.com/apply/8vAlbSBZpB/Stagiaire-Dveloppement-De-Logiciel-Intern-Software-Development","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://grassvalley.applytojob.com/apply/8vAlbSBZpB/Stagiaire-Dveloppement-De-Logiciel-Intern-Software-Development","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Riverside Natural Foods","sourceCompany":"riverside-natural-foods","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:fc85f571d77e025eaede","title":"Junior Data Analyst Intern/Co-op","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/riversidenaturalfoodsltd/jobs/5409377008","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/riversidenaturalfoodsltd/jobs/5409377008","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Geotab","sourceCompany":"geotab","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:e061a1dcf50592b5891a","title":"Vehicle Systems Engineering Intern","locationText":"Waterloo, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Waterloo","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/internshiplist2000/jobs/5381043008","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/internshiplist2000/jobs/5381043008","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"AMD","sourceCompany":"amd","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:b10b87ad3f23c31138c8","title":"Hardware Design Verification Engineer Intern/Co-op","locationText":"Markham, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Markham","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/90379?icims=1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/90379?icims=1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"AMD","sourceCompany":"amd","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:bfb6c4082b59852d2e54","title":"Firmware Engineer Intern/Co-op","locationText":"Markham, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Markham","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/91320?icims=1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/91320?icims=1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"AMD","sourceCompany":"amd","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:434d7f978cbb8d1767fd","title":"Firmware Engineer Intern/Co-op","locationText":"Vancouver, BC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Vancouver","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/90301?icims=1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/90301?icims=1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"AMD","sourceCompany":"amd","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:e65ce3d2833e44508f20","title":"Hardware Design Engineer Intern/Co-op","locationText":"Markham, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Markham","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/91360?icims=1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/91360?icims=1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"AMD","sourceCompany":"amd","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:be49f2c683b0c7217840","title":"Hardware Design Engineer Intern/Co-op","locationText":"Markham, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Markham","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/90367?icims=1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/90367?icims=1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"AMD","sourceCompany":"amd","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:a79d5a8698fa61364534","title":"Graphics Software Engineer Intern/Co-op","locationText":"Markham, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Markham","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/90305?icims=1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/90305?icims=1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"AMD","sourceCompany":"amd","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:1a4a8c4b1eedfad6bff1","title":"Firmware Engineer Intern/Co-op","locationText":"Vancouver, BC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Vancouver","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/91313?icims=1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/91313?icims=1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"AMD","sourceCompany":"amd","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:aac57b5f3a9774bdb557","title":"Software Engineer Intern/Co-op","locationText":"Calgary, AB","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Calgary","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/91366?icims=1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/91366?icims=1","hot":true,"hidden":false},{"company":"AMD","sourceCompany":"amd","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:90fd0b90cb23992cecba","title":"Firmware Engineer Intern/Co-op - Long Term","locationText":"Markham, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Markham","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/90297?icims=1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/90297?icims=1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"AMD","sourceCompany":"amd","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:bc2f0dd9ae46b0d6fb9e","title":"Analog and Mixed Signal Engineer Intern/Co-op","locationText":"Markham, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Markham","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/91369?icims=1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/91369?icims=1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"AMD","sourceCompany":"amd","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:34d14df2c57ac0f7b97a","title":"Product Management Intern/Co-op - Multiple Teams","locationText":"Calgary, AB","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Calgary","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/90411?icims=1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/90411?icims=1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"AMD","sourceCompany":"amd","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:14749bad686b80ef7083","title":"Hardware Design Engineer Intern/Co-op","locationText":"Vancouver, BC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Vancouver","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/90372?icims=1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/90372?icims=1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"AMD","sourceCompany":"amd","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:769cfe5d4d7f5c5af4bf","title":"Diagnostics Design Engineer Intern/Co-op","locationText":"Markham, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Markham","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/90435?icims=1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/90435?icims=1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"AMD","sourceCompany":"amd","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:08f9d10bdffffa0bbebc","title":"Software Engineer Intern/Co-op","locationText":"Vancouver, BC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Vancouver","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/91367?icims=1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/91367?icims=1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"AMD","sourceCompany":"amd","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:6346fcdb1e81e4e2de0f","title":"AGS Libraries Intern/Co-op","locationText":"Calgary, AB","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Calgary","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/90427?icims=1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/90427?icims=1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"AMD","sourceCompany":"amd","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:15b279ea951ad38858c2","title":"Hardware Design Verification Engineer Intern/Co-op","locationText":"Vancouver, BC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Vancouver","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/91362?icims=1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/91362?icims=1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"AMD","sourceCompany":"amd","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:b43ffec975956d22a904","title":"Machine Learning/Artificial Intelligence Intern/Co-op","locationText":"Markham, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Markham","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/91363?icims=1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/91363?icims=1","hot":true,"hidden":false},{"company":"AMD","sourceCompany":"amd","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:0489dc4b003cd0ba9cd9","title":"Software Engineer Intern/Co-op","locationText":"Markham, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Markham","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/91368?icims=1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/91368?icims=1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"AMD","sourceCompany":"amd","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:f8b62c1a963185faecd5","title":"Machine Learning/Artificial Intelligence Intern/Co-op","locationText":"Markham, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Markham","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/90383?icims=1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/90383?icims=1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"AMD","sourceCompany":"amd","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:09cfe0fd669e540a59cb","title":"Graphics Software Engineer Intern/Co-op","locationText":"Markham, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Markham","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-09-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/91359?icims=1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://careers.amd.com/jobs/91359?icims=1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Stripe","sourceCompany":"stripe","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:022f266bfbdf34b3507d","title":"Software Engineer Intern","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://stripe.com/jobs/search?gh_jid=8130805","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://stripe.com/jobs/search?gh_jid=8130805","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Trane Technologies","sourceCompany":"trane-technologies","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:41dfbf50b14497246a6e","title":"BrainBox AI Intern","locationText":"Montreal, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://careers.tranetechnologies.com/global/en/job/JR-7608/2027-BrainBox-AI-Intern","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://careers.tranetechnologies.com/global/en/job/JR-7608/2027-BrainBox-AI-Intern","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"RTX","sourceCompany":"rtx","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:4217ace60ed6b82a7940","title":"Advanced Software Development, Numerical Methods","locationText":"Longueuil, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Longueuil","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"student","postedAt":"2026-09-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://globalhr.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/rec_rtx_ext_gateway/job/CA-QC-LONGUEUIL-J01--1000-Blvd-Marie-Victorin--J01-BLDG/Stage---Hiver-2027---Dveloppement-Logiciel-Avanc--Mthodes-Numriques---Internship---Winter-2027---Advanced-Software-Development--Numerical-Methods_01871187","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://globalhr.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/rec_rtx_ext_gateway/job/CA-QC-LONGUEUIL-J01--1000-Blvd-Marie-Victorin--J01-BLDG/Stage---Hiver-2027---Dveloppement-Logiciel-Avanc--Mthodes-Numriques---Internship---Winter-2027---Advanced-Software-Development--Numerical-Methods_01871187","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intelcom | Dragonfly","sourceCompany":"intelcom-dragonfly","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:19906e0cfe195f43483f","title":"Software Developer Intern, Address Intelligence Platform","locationText":"Montreal, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intelcomgroup.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/Intelcom/job/Canada-Quebec-Montreal/Software-Development-Intern---Address-Intelligence-Platform_JR111611","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://intelcomgroup.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/Intelcom/job/Canada-Quebec-Montreal/Software-Development-Intern---Address-Intelligence-Platform_JR111611","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intelcom | Dragonfly","sourceCompany":"intelcom-dragonfly","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:8a01fa01dd0774d29fa1","title":"Front-End Developer Intern, Power Platform Integration","locationText":"Montreal, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-09-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intelcomgroup.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/Intelcom/job/Canada-Quebec-Montreal/Front-End-Developer-Intern---Power-Platform-Integration_JR111615-1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://intelcomgroup.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/Intelcom/job/Canada-Quebec-Montreal/Front-End-Developer-Intern---Power-Platform-Integration_JR111615-1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intelcom | Dragonfly","sourceCompany":"intelcom-dragonfly","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:dc3669a5552360aeee86","title":"R&D Solution Builder Intern","locationText":"Montreal, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-08-31T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intelcomgroup.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/Intelcom/job/Canada-Quebec-Montreal/R-D-Solution-Builder-Intern_JR111563","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://intelcomgroup.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/Intelcom/job/Canada-Quebec-Montreal/R-D-Solution-Builder-Intern_JR111563","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intelcom | Dragonfly","sourceCompany":"intelcom-dragonfly","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:78533a690c88d33acb15","title":"Full-Stack Developer Intern, Route Optimization","locationText":"Montreal, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-08-31T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intelcomgroup.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/Intelcom/job/Canada-Quebec-Montreal/Full-Stack-Developer-Intern---Route-Optimization_JR111570-1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://intelcomgroup.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/Intelcom/job/Canada-Quebec-Montreal/Full-Stack-Developer-Intern---Route-Optimization_JR111570-1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intelcom | Dragonfly","sourceCompany":"intelcom-dragonfly","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:b70e4f2e9a0087781ea0","title":"Routing Data Analytics & Optimization Intern","locationText":"Montreal, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-08-31T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intelcomgroup.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/Intelcom/job/Canada-Quebec-Montreal/Routing-Data-Analytics---Optimization-Intern_JR111557-1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://intelcomgroup.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/Intelcom/job/Canada-Quebec-Montreal/Routing-Data-Analytics---Optimization-Intern_JR111557-1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intelcom | Dragonfly","sourceCompany":"intelcom-dragonfly","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:3b44ff3bb0d3d19c0878","title":"AI Data Analyst Intern","locationText":"Montreal, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-08-31T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intelcomgroup.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/Intelcom/job/Canada-Quebec-Montreal/AI-Data-Analyst-Intern_JR111568","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://intelcomgroup.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/Intelcom/job/Canada-Quebec-Montreal/AI-Data-Analyst-Intern_JR111568","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intelcom | Dragonfly","sourceCompany":"intelcom-dragonfly","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:ead435a403d769a51fdf","title":"Business Intelligence Developer Intern","locationText":"Montreal, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-08-31T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intelcomgroup.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/Intelcom/job/Canada-Quebec-Montreal/Business-Intelligence--BI--Developer-Intern_JR111555","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://intelcomgroup.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/Intelcom/job/Canada-Quebec-Montreal/Business-Intelligence--BI--Developer-Intern_JR111555","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intelcom | Dragonfly","sourceCompany":"intelcom-dragonfly","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:23dadccf2a5ee02dcb71","title":"Data Engineer Intern","locationText":"Montreal, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-08-31T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intelcomgroup.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/Intelcom/job/Canada-Quebec-Montreal/Data-Engineering-Intern_JR111567","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://intelcomgroup.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/Intelcom/job/Canada-Quebec-Montreal/Data-Engineering-Intern_JR111567","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Manulife Financial","sourceCompany":"manulife-financial","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:ed54a8eb902a3a408b74","title":"Software Engineering Intern","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-08-31T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://manulife.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/MFCJH_Jobs/job/Toronto-Ontario/Summer-Intern-2027---Software-Engineering_JR26081684","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://manulife.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/MFCJH_Jobs/job/Toronto-Ontario/Summer-Intern-2027---Software-Engineering_JR26081684","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Manulife Financial","sourceCompany":"manulife-financial","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:f07078a05572c2a2a6dd","title":"Software Engineering Co-op","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-08-31T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://manulife.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/MFCJH_Jobs/job/Toronto-Ontario/Winter-Co-op-2027---Software-Engineering_JR26081663","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://manulife.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/MFCJH_Jobs/job/Toronto-Ontario/Winter-Co-op-2027---Software-Engineering_JR26081663","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Manulife Financial","sourceCompany":"manulife-financial","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:1b48ecd8cde7edb3d591","title":"Quantitative Analyst Co-op","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-08-31T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://manulife.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/MFCJH_Jobs/job/Toronto-Ontario/XMLNAME-2027-Canada-Winter-Co-op---Quantitative-Analyst_JR26080353","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://manulife.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/MFCJH_Jobs/job/Toronto-Ontario/XMLNAME-2027-Canada-Winter-Co-op---Quantitative-Analyst_JR26080353","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Manulife Financial","sourceCompany":"manulife-financial","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:0dc94e78ef7b88eece17","title":"Data Engineer Co-op","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-08-31T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://manulife.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/MFCJH_Jobs/job/Toronto-Ontario/Winter-Co-op-2027---Data-Engineering_JR26081658","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://manulife.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/MFCJH_Jobs/job/Toronto-Ontario/Winter-Co-op-2027---Data-Engineering_JR26081658","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Manulife Financial","sourceCompany":"manulife-financial","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:8cfa3840346563189cb1","title":"Software Engineering Co-op","locationText":"Waterloo, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Waterloo","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-08-31T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://manulife.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/MFCJH_Jobs/job/Waterloo-Ontario/Winter-Co-op-2027---Software-Engineering_JR26081661","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://manulife.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/MFCJH_Jobs/job/Waterloo-Ontario/Winter-Co-op-2027---Software-Engineering_JR26081661","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Manulife Financial","sourceCompany":"manulife-financial","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:915950cf774b60cc7189","title":"Software Engineering Intern","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-08-31T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://manulife.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/MFCJH_Jobs/job/Toronto-Ontario/Summer-Intern-2027---Software-Engineering--8-Months-_JR26081685","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://manulife.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/MFCJH_Jobs/job/Toronto-Ontario/Summer-Intern-2027---Software-Engineering--8-Months-_JR26081685","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Manulife Financial","sourceCompany":"manulife-financial","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:1b3fab164c04879ea77d","title":"Product Analyst Co-op","locationText":"Waterloo, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Waterloo","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-08-31T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://manulife.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/MFCJH_Jobs/job/Waterloo-Ontario/XMLNAME-2027-Canada-Winter-Co-op---Product-Analyst_JR26080338","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://manulife.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/MFCJH_Jobs/job/Waterloo-Ontario/XMLNAME-2027-Canada-Winter-Co-op---Product-Analyst_JR26080338","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"General Motors","sourceCompany":"general-motors","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:32fc53851d13e5ef49ed","title":"Data Engineering Software Developer Co-op","locationText":"Markham, ON / Oshawa, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Markham","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-08-31T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://generalmotors.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/Careers_GM/job/Markham-Ontario-Canada/XMLNAME-2027-Winter-Co-op-Data-Engineering-Software-Developer_JR-202618353","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://generalmotors.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/Careers_GM/job/Markham-Ontario-Canada/XMLNAME-2027-Winter-Co-op-Data-Engineering-Software-Developer_JR-202618353","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Manulife Financial","sourceCompany":"manulife-financial","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:bcfa53641132c8d8d609","title":"Quantitative Analyst Co-op Intern","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-08-31T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://manulife.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/MFCJH_Jobs/job/Toronto-Ontario/XMLNAME-2027-Canada-Summer-Co-op---Quantitative-Analyst_JR26080358","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://manulife.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/MFCJH_Jobs/job/Toronto-Ontario/XMLNAME-2027-Canada-Summer-Co-op---Quantitative-Analyst_JR26080358","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Manulife Financial","sourceCompany":"manulife-financial","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:ef7ac1d67ceee2c36cc4","title":"Data & Analytics Co-op","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-08-31T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://manulife.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/MFCJH_Jobs/job/Toronto-Ontario/XMLNAME-2027-Winter-Co-op---Data---Analytics--8-Months-_JR26081944","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://manulife.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/MFCJH_Jobs/job/Toronto-Ontario/XMLNAME-2027-Winter-Co-op---Data---Analytics--8-Months-_JR26081944","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Manulife Financial","sourceCompany":"manulife-financial","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:d579d329f25dc287b96f","title":"Reporting Analyst Intern","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-08-31T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://manulife.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/MFCJH_Jobs/job/Toronto-Ontario/XMLNAME-2027-Canada-Summer-Co-op---Reporting-Analyst_JR26080667","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://manulife.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/MFCJH_Jobs/job/Toronto-Ontario/XMLNAME-2027-Canada-Summer-Co-op---Reporting-Analyst_JR26080667","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Manulife Financial","sourceCompany":"manulife-financial","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:befe7fc78da18e5eb64f","title":"Reporting Analyst Co-op","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-08-31T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://manulife.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/MFCJH_Jobs/job/Toronto-Ontario/XMLNAME-2027-Canada-Winter-Co-op---Reporting-Analyst_JR26080665","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","communitySourceNames":["Simplify Summer 2027 Internships"],"key":"https://manulife.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/MFCJH_Jobs/job/Toronto-Ontario/XMLNAME-2027-Canada-Winter-Co-op---Reporting-Analyst_JR26080665","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Apple","sourceCompany":"apple","sourceType":"apple-careers-html","jobId":"200673612-0157","title":"Applied Data Solutions Program, Internships – Summer 2027","locationText":"Austin, United States ; Cupertino, United States","countryCode":"US","city":"Austin","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-08-27T20:41:24.044Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200673612-0157/applied-data-solutions-program-internships-summer-2027?team=STDNT","tags":["Corporate Functions","Students"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:40:22.260Z","descriptionText":"$56","key":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200673612-0157/applied-data-solutions-program-internships-summer-2027?team=STDNT","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Apple","sourceCompany":"apple","sourceType":"apple-careers-html","jobId":"200673612-0836","title":"Applied Data Solutions Program, Internships – Summer 2027","locationText":"Austin, United States ; Cupertino, United States","countryCode":"US","city":"Austin","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-08-27T20:41:24.044Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200673612-0836/applied-data-solutions-program-internships-summer-2027?team=STDNT","tags":["Corporate Functions","Students"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:40:22.260Z","descriptionText":"$57","key":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200673612-0836/applied-data-solutions-program-internships-summer-2027?team=STDNT","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Elk Valley Resources","sourceCompany":"elk-valley-resources","sourceType":"github-simplify-list","sourceName":"Simplify Summer 2027 Internships","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/SimplifyJobs/Summer2027-Internships","jobId":"github-simplify-list:d8bfca6cbe451c09a3e1","title":"Geographic Information Systems Co-op","locationText":"Calgary, AB, Canada","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Calgary","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-08-27T08:39:15.337Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.lever.co/evr/5e458beb-48ae-4035-b9d2-684047241896/apply?utm_source=Simplify&ref=Simplify","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Simplify / Pitt CSC"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.337Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.lever.co/evr/5e458beb-48ae-4035-b9d2-684047241896/apply","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Alberta Investment Management Corporation","sourceCompany":"alberta-investment-management-corporation","sourceType":"github-simplify-list","sourceName":"Simplify Summer 2027 Internships","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/SimplifyJobs/Summer2027-Internships","jobId":"github-simplify-list:a2f674e3f2d5f768ccca","title":"Fixed Income Co-op","locationText":"Calgary, AB, Canada","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Calgary","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"co-op","postedAt":"2026-08-27T08:39:15.337Z","applyUrl":"https://aimco.wd10.myworkdayjobs.com/AIMCoCareers/job/Calgary/Co-op--Fixed-Income--May-2027-_JR100898?utm_source=Simplify&ref=Simplify","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Simplify / Pitt CSC"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.337Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://aimco.wd10.myworkdayjobs.com/AIMCoCareers/job/Calgary/Co-op--Fixed-Income--May-2027-_JR100898","hot":true,"hidden":false},{"company":"AMI","sourceCompany":"ami","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:d21e7e13849237bba563","title":"Computer Vision Scientist Intern, Geometry and 3D Vision","locationText":"Montreal, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-08-27T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/ami/0d7332d8-b8e7-40d3-89b6-dfc02b40bfa2/","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/ami/0d7332d8-b8e7-40d3-89b6-dfc02b40bfa2/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Marsh","sourceCompany":"marsh","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:55576e4632579442ac9d","title":"Summer Analyst Intern, Data and Analytics","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-08-27T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://mmc.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/MMC/job/Toronto---Bremner/Oliver-Wyman---Summer-Analyst-2027---Data-and-Analytics--DNA----Toronto_R_363727-1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://mmc.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/MMC/job/Toronto---Bremner/Oliver-Wyman---Summer-Analyst-2027---Data-and-Analytics--DNA----Toronto_R_363727-1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Netflix","sourceCompany":"netflix","sourceType":"netflix-eightfold","jobId":"790317917022","title":"Machine Learning/AI Infrastructure Engineering Intern (AI Platform) PhD, Winter 2027","locationText":"Los Gatos,California,United States of America","countryCode":"US","city":"Los Gatos","employmentType":"onsite","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-08-26T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://explore.jobs.netflix.net/careers/job/790317917022-machine-learning-ai-infrastructure-engineering-intern-ai-platform-phd-winter-2027-los-gatos-california-united-states-of-america?domain=netflix.com&microsite=netflix.com","tags":["Engineering","Streaming"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:17.870Z","descriptionText":"$58","key":"https://explore.jobs.netflix.net/careers/job/790317917022-machine-learning-ai-infrastructure-engineering-intern-ai-platform-phd-winter-2027-los-gatos-california-united-states-of-america?domain=netflix.com&microsite=netflix.com","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"github-simplify-list","sourceName":"Simplify Summer 2027 Internships","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/SimplifyJobs/Summer2027-Internships","jobId":"github-simplify-list:5a33f94c1a702c6686d3","title":"Software Developer Intern","locationText":"Montreal, QC, Canada; Toronto, ON, Canada; Waterloo, ON, Canada","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-08-25T08:39:15.337Z","applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/112518690523488966?utm_source=Simplify&ref=Simplify","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Simplify / Pitt CSC"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.337Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/112518690523488966","hot":true,"hidden":false},{"company":"Zip","sourceCompany":"zip","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:6412e1526477fc20c029","title":"Software Engineer Intern","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-08-25T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/zip/2bc7327b-1c06-418a-beeb-bec1dd70480e/","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/zip/2bc7327b-1c06-418a-beeb-bec1dd70480e/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Apple","sourceCompany":"apple","sourceType":"apple-careers-html","jobId":"200679652-3521","title":"GPU Internships - Design Verification and Emulation & Driver Live","locationText":"Cambridge, United Kingdom ; London, United Kingdom ; Saint Albans, United Kingdom","countryCode":"GB","city":"Cambridge","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-08-24T15:46:16.647Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200679652-3521/gpu-internships-design-verification-and-emulation-driver-live?team=STDNT","tags":["Hardware","Students"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:40:22.260Z","descriptionText":"$59","key":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200679652-3521/gpu-internships-design-verification-and-emulation-driver-live?team=STDNT","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Apple","sourceCompany":"apple","sourceType":"apple-careers-html","jobId":"200679652-2114","title":"GPU Internships - Design Verification and Emulation & Driver Live","locationText":"Cambridge, United Kingdom ; London, United Kingdom ; Saint Albans, United Kingdom","countryCode":"GB","city":"Cambridge","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-08-24T15:46:16.647Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200679652-2114/gpu-internships-design-verification-and-emulation-driver-live?team=STDNT","tags":["Hardware","Students"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:40:22.260Z","descriptionText":"$5a","key":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200679652-2114/gpu-internships-design-verification-and-emulation-driver-live?team=STDNT","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Apple","sourceCompany":"apple","sourceType":"apple-careers-html","jobId":"200679652-1251","title":"GPU Internships - Design Verification and Emulation & Driver Live","locationText":"Cambridge, United Kingdom ; London, United Kingdom ; Saint Albans, United Kingdom","countryCode":"GB","city":"Cambridge","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-08-24T15:46:16.647Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200679652-1251/gpu-internships-design-verification-and-emulation-driver-live?team=STDNT","tags":["Hardware","Students"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:40:22.260Z","descriptionText":"$5b","key":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200679652-1251/gpu-internships-design-verification-and-emulation-driver-live?team=STDNT","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Apple","sourceCompany":"apple","sourceType":"apple-careers-html","jobId":"200679650-2114","title":"GPU Internships - RTL Design, RTL Power Optimisation & Physical Design","locationText":"Cambridge, United Kingdom ; London, United Kingdom ; Saint Albans, United Kingdom","countryCode":"GB","city":"Cambridge","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-08-24T15:46:00.780Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200679650-2114/gpu-internships-rtl-design-rtl-power-optimisation-physical-design?team=STDNT","tags":["Hardware","Students"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:40:22.260Z","descriptionText":"$5c","key":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200679650-2114/gpu-internships-rtl-design-rtl-power-optimisation-physical-design?team=STDNT","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Apple","sourceCompany":"apple","sourceType":"apple-careers-html","jobId":"200679650-3521","title":"GPU Internships - RTL Design, RTL Power Optimisation & Physical Design","locationText":"Cambridge, United Kingdom ; London, United Kingdom ; Saint Albans, United Kingdom","countryCode":"GB","city":"Cambridge","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-08-24T15:46:00.780Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200679650-3521/gpu-internships-rtl-design-rtl-power-optimisation-physical-design?team=STDNT","tags":["Hardware","Students"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:40:22.260Z","descriptionText":"$5d","key":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200679650-3521/gpu-internships-rtl-design-rtl-power-optimisation-physical-design?team=STDNT","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Apple","sourceCompany":"apple","sourceType":"apple-careers-html","jobId":"200679650-1251","title":"GPU Internships - RTL Design, RTL Power Optimisation & Physical Design","locationText":"Cambridge, United Kingdom ; London, United Kingdom ; Saint Albans, United Kingdom","countryCode":"GB","city":"Cambridge","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-08-24T15:46:00.780Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200679650-1251/gpu-internships-rtl-design-rtl-power-optimisation-physical-design?team=STDNT","tags":["Hardware","Students"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:40:22.260Z","descriptionText":"$5e","key":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200679650-1251/gpu-internships-rtl-design-rtl-power-optimisation-physical-design?team=STDNT","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Intel","sourceCompany":"intel","sourceType":"intel-workday","jobId":"JR0285454","title":"New Mexico WPM Manufacturing Technician Internship","locationText":"USA - NM - Rio Rancho","countryCode":"US","city":"USA - NM - Rio Rancho","employmentType":"PART_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-08-24T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-New-Mexico-Albuquerque/New-Mexico-WPM-Manufacturing-Technician-Internship_JR0285454","tags":["Intel Careers","100 Intel Corporation"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:40:04.347Z","descriptionText":"$5f","key":"https://intel.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/External/job/US-New-Mexico-Albuquerque/New-Mexico-WPM-Manufacturing-Technician-Internship_JR0285454","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Epic Games","sourceCompany":"epic-games","sourceType":"github-vansh-list","sourceName":"Vansh Summer 2027 Internships","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/vanshb03/Summer2027-Internships","jobId":"github-vansh-list:b55c6db68feb46b02d14","title":"Machine Learning Research Intern","locationText":"Montreal, Canada","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-08-21T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://www.epicgames.com/site/careers/jobs/6138140004?gh_jid=6138140004&utm_source=github-vansh-ouckah","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Vansh / Ouckah"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.312Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://www.epicgames.com/site/careers/jobs/6138140004?gh_jid=6138140004","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Databricks","sourceCompany":"databricks","sourceType":"databricks-greenhouse","jobId":"8732364002","title":"Software Engineering Intern (2027 Start) - Winter","locationText":"Bellevue, Washington; Mountain View, California; San Francisco, California","countryCode":"US","city":"Bellevue","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-08-20T23:40:25.000Z","applyUrl":"https://databricks.com/company/careers/open-positions/job?gh_jid=8732364002","tags":["Databricks, Inc.","Engineering","University Recruiting"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.189Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://databricks.com/company/careers/open-positions/job?gh_jid=8732364002","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Goldman Sachs","sourceCompany":"goldman-sachs","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:492b402acbcc2e00bdda","title":"Summer Analyst, Engineering","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"student","postedAt":"2026-08-20T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://higher.gs.com/roles/171567","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://higher.gs.com/roles/171567","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Netflix","sourceCompany":"netflix","sourceType":"netflix-eightfold","jobId":"790315673635","title":"Video Algorithms Intern, Video Coding (Gaussian Splatting), Fall 2026","locationText":"Los Gatos,California,United States of America","countryCode":"US","city":"Los Gatos","employmentType":"onsite","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-08-18T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://explore.jobs.netflix.net/careers/job/790315673635-video-algorithms-intern-video-coding-gaussian-splatting-fall-2026-los-gatos-california-united-states-of-america?domain=netflix.com&microsite=netflix.com","tags":["Engineering","Streaming"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:17.870Z","descriptionText":"$60","key":"https://explore.jobs.netflix.net/careers/job/790315673635-video-algorithms-intern-video-coding-gaussian-splatting-fall-2026-los-gatos-california-united-states-of-america?domain=netflix.com&microsite=netflix.com","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Royal Bank of Canada","sourceCompany":"royal-bank-of-canada","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:0e871eec525dd2d08e79","title":"Capital Markets, QTS, Software Developer","locationText":"Bedford, NS","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Bedford","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"student","postedAt":"2026-08-18T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://rbc.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/RBCEARLYTALENT1/job/90-WESTERN-PKYBEDFORD/XMLNAME-2027-Winter-Student-Opportunities-Capital-Markets--QTS---Software-Developer--4-months--Halifax_R-0000184830-1","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://rbc.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/RBCEARLYTALENT1/job/90-WESTERN-PKYBEDFORD/XMLNAME-2027-Winter-Student-Opportunities-Capital-Markets--QTS---Software-Developer--4-months--Halifax_R-0000184830-1","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"RTX","sourceCompany":"rtx","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:0b0674e7bd319c5ed602","title":"Manufacturing & Quality Analyst Intern","locationText":"Longueuil, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Longueuil","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-08-18T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://globalhr.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/rec_rtx_ext_gateway/job/CA-QC-LONGUEUIL-J01--1000-Blvd-Marie-Victorin--J01-BLDG/Stage-Hiver-2027---Analyste-de-Fabrication-Qualite---Internship-Winter-2027-Winter---Manufacturing---Quality-Analyst_01864107","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://globalhr.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/rec_rtx_ext_gateway/job/CA-QC-LONGUEUIL-J01--1000-Blvd-Marie-Victorin--J01-BLDG/Stage-Hiver-2027---Analyste-de-Fabrication-Qualite---Internship-Winter-2027-Winter---Manufacturing---Quality-Analyst_01864107","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Thomson Reuters","sourceCompany":"thomson-reuters","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:b53bf83409da7937af30","title":"Applied Research Intern, NLP/ML/GenAI","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-08-17T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://thomsonreuters.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/External_Career_Site/job/Canada-Toronto-Ontario/Applied-Research-Intern--NLP-ML-GenAI-_JREQ202812","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://thomsonreuters.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/External_Career_Site/job/Canada-Toronto-Ontario/Applied-Research-Intern--NLP-ML-GenAI-_JREQ202812","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Analysis Group","sourceCompany":"analysis-group","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:1faccf74386c21699c6c","title":"Research Professional Intern, Generalist","locationText":"Montreal, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-08-14T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://analystcareers-analysisgroup.icims.com/jobs/3007/job?mobile=true&needsRedirect=false","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://analystcareers-analysisgroup.icims.com/jobs/3007/job?mobile=true&needsRedirect=false","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Autodesk","sourceCompany":"autodesk","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:d565b706734bb038c26d","title":"Software Developer Intern","locationText":"Montreal, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-08-11T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://autodesk.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/Ext/job/Montreal-QC-CAN/Intern-Software-Developer--Stagiaire-en-Dveloppement-Logiciel_26WD100398-2","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://autodesk.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/Ext/job/Montreal-QC-CAN/Intern-Software-Developer--Stagiaire-en-Dveloppement-Logiciel_26WD100398-2","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Microsoft","sourceCompany":"microsoft","sourceType":"microsoft-pcsx","jobId":"1970393556958168","title":"Supply Chain Program Management Intern","locationText":"United States, Washington, Redmond","countryCode":"US","city":"Redmond","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-08-10T19:20:47.000Z","applyUrl":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556958168?hl=en","tags":["Supply Chain Program Management","onsite"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:49.955Z","descriptionText":"$61","key":"https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers/job/1970393556958168?hl=en","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Autodesk","sourceCompany":"autodesk","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:2fdc20999028baa000fe","title":"Cloud Developer Intern, Interactive Graphics, Media & Entertainment","locationText":"Montreal, QC","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-08-07T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://autodesk.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/Ext/job/Montreal-QC-CAN/Stagiaire-en-Dveloppement-Cloud--Intern-Cloud-Developer_26WD100400","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://autodesk.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/Ext/job/Montreal-QC-CAN/Stagiaire-en-Dveloppement-Cloud--Intern-Cloud-Developer_26WD100400","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Apple","sourceCompany":"apple","sourceType":"apple-careers-html","jobId":"200675982-3278","title":"2027 Apple Internship - Information Systems and Technology","locationText":"Singapore, Singapore","countryCode":"SG","city":"Singapore","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-08-06T03:54:09.239Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200675982-3278/2027-apple-internship-information-systems-and-technology?team=STDNT","tags":["Students","Corporate Functions","Software and Services"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:40:22.260Z","descriptionText":"$62","key":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200675982-3278/2027-apple-internship-information-systems-and-technology?team=STDNT","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"DRW","sourceCompany":"drw","sourceType":"github-vansh-list","sourceName":"Vansh Summer 2027 Internships","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/vanshb03/Summer2027-Internships","jobId":"github-vansh-list:1f9dcb6d266e21d77c1a","title":"Software Developer Intern","locationText":"Montréal","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montréal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-07-31T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://www.drw.com/work-at-drw/listings/software-developer-intern-3466687?utm_source=github-vansh-ouckah","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Vansh / Ouckah"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.312Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://www.drw.com/work-at-drw/listings/software-developer-intern-3466687","hot":true,"hidden":false},{"company":"DRW","sourceCompany":"drw","sourceType":"github-vansh-list","sourceName":"Vansh Summer 2027 Internships","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/vanshb03/Summer2027-Internships","jobId":"github-vansh-list:49ebdc38936c6f12f971","title":"AI/ML Research Intern","locationText":"Montréal","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montréal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-07-31T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://www.drw.com/work-at-drw/listings/aiml-research-intern-3466679?utm_source=github-vansh-ouckah","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Vansh / Ouckah"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.312Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://www.drw.com/work-at-drw/listings/aiml-research-intern-3466679","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Kepler Communications","sourceCompany":"kepler-communications","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:e4755392f88d3a038edd","title":"FPGA Digital Design Engineer Intern","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-07-22T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.lever.co/kepler/f06ca5e6-2e7f-4b76-a5c4-cb423d3cfc03/","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.lever.co/kepler/f06ca5e6-2e7f-4b76-a5c4-cb423d3cfc03/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Onware","sourceCompany":"onware","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:6cb77c5a73cc55853ebf","title":"Full Stack Developer, Intern","locationText":"Edmonton, AB","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Edmonton","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-07-21T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://ats.rippling.com/onware/jobs/1b9d59b6-1ab0-4c40-8429-39b5b62f019a","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://ats.rippling.com/onware/jobs/1b9d59b6-1ab0-4c40-8429-39b5b62f019a","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Georgian Partners Growth","sourceCompany":"georgian-partners-growth","sourceType":"github-canadian-tech-list","sourceName":"Canadian Tech Internships 2027","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/negarprh/Canadian-Tech-Internships-2027","jobId":"github-canadian-tech-list:1524425e1d94058306aa","title":"AI/ML Engineer Intern","locationText":"Toronto, ON","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Toronto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-07-21T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/georgian/2ae71a4b-dd9d-4068-8ef2-81351ee74cab/","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Canadian Tech Internships"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.386Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/georgian/2ae71a4b-dd9d-4068-8ef2-81351ee74cab/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"NVIDIA","sourceCompany":"nvidia","sourceType":"nvidia-workday","jobId":"JR2010488","title":"Applied Research Intern, NLP - Fall 2026","locationText":"US, CA, Santa Clara","countryCode":"US","city":"Santa Clara","employmentType":"FULL_TIME","internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2026-07-01T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/Applied-Research-Intern--NLP---Fall-2026_JR2010488","tags":["NVIDIA Careers","2100 NVIDIA USA"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:41:24.377Z","descriptionText":"$63","key":"https://nvidia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/NVIDIAExternalCareerSite/job/US-CA-Santa-Clara/Applied-Research-Intern--NLP---Fall-2026_JR2010488","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Apple","sourceCompany":"apple","sourceType":"apple-careers-html","jobId":"200620855-3521","title":"Formal Verification Engineer","locationText":"London, United Kingdom ; Saint Albans, United Kingdom","countryCode":"GB","city":"London","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"student","postedAt":"2026-03-30T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200620855-3521/formal-verification-engineer?team=STDNT","tags":["Hardware","Students"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:40:22.260Z","descriptionText":"$64","key":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200620855-3521/formal-verification-engineer?team=STDNT","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Apple","sourceCompany":"apple","sourceType":"apple-careers-html","jobId":"200620855-2114","title":"Formal Verification Engineer","locationText":"London, United Kingdom ; Saint Albans, United Kingdom","countryCode":"GB","city":"London","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"student","postedAt":"2026-03-30T00:00:00.000Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200620855-2114/formal-verification-engineer?team=STDNT","tags":["Hardware","Students"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:40:22.260Z","descriptionText":"$65","key":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200620855-2114/formal-verification-engineer?team=STDNT","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Apple","sourceCompany":"apple","sourceType":"apple-careers-html","jobId":"200629965-2114","title":"SoC Performance Modeling Internship - Platform Architecture","locationText":"London, United Kingdom","countryCode":"GB","city":"London","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2025-11-04T08:12:08.116Z","applyUrl":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200629965-2114/soc-performance-modeling-internship-platform-architecture?team=STDNT","tags":["Hardware","Software and Services","Students"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:40:22.260Z","descriptionText":"$66","key":"https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200629965-2114/soc-performance-modeling-internship-platform-architecture?team=STDNT","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Databricks","sourceCompany":"databricks","sourceType":"databricks-greenhouse","jobId":"7011263002","title":"PhD GenAI Research Scientist Intern","locationText":"San Francisco, California","countryCode":"US","city":"San Francisco","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2023-11-07T21:36:32.000Z","applyUrl":"https://databricks.com/company/careers/open-positions/job?gh_jid=7011263002","tags":["Databricks, Inc.","Research","University Recruiting"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.189Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://databricks.com/company/careers/open-positions/job?gh_jid=7011263002","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Databricks","sourceCompany":"databricks","sourceType":"databricks-greenhouse","jobId":"6883068002","title":"Product Management Intern (Summer 2027)","locationText":"Bellevue, Washington; Mountain View, California; San Francisco, California","countryCode":"US","city":"Bellevue","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":"2023-08-17T21:27:27.000Z","applyUrl":"https://databricks.com/company/careers/open-positions/job?gh_jid=6883068002","tags":["Databricks, Inc.","University Recruiting"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.189Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://databricks.com/company/careers/open-positions/job?gh_jid=6883068002","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"138960139137753798","title":"Software Developer Intern, MS, Summer 2027","locationText":"Waterloo, ON, Canada ; Toronto, ON, Canada","countryCode":"CA","city":"Waterloo","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/138960139137753798-software-developer-intern-ms-summer-2027?q=intern&location=Canada","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:30.164Z","descriptionText":"$67","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/138960139137753798-software-developer-intern-ms-summer-2027?location=Canada&q=intern","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"123510626377966278","title":"Software Developer Intern, BS, Summer 2027","locationText":"Waterloo, ON, Canada ; Toronto, ON, Canada","countryCode":"CA","city":"Waterloo","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/123510626377966278-software-developer-intern-bs-summer-2027?q=intern&location=Canada","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:30.164Z","descriptionText":"$68","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/123510626377966278-software-developer-intern-bs-summer-2027?location=Canada&q=intern","hot":true,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"112518690523488966","title":"Software Developer Intern, PhD, Summer 2027","locationText":"Waterloo, ON, Canada ; Toronto, ON, Canada","countryCode":"CA","city":"Waterloo","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/112518690523488966-software-developer-intern-phd-summer-2027?q=intern&location=Canada","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:30.164Z","descriptionText":"$69","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/112518690523488966-software-developer-intern-phd-summer-2027?location=Canada&q=intern","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"131287072689267398","title":"Research Intern, PhD, Summer 2027","locationText":"Waterloo, ON, Canada ; Toronto, ON, Canada","countryCode":"CA","city":"Waterloo","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/131287072689267398-research-intern-phd-summer-2027?q=intern&location=Canada","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:30.164Z","descriptionText":"$6a","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/131287072689267398-research-intern-phd-summer-2027?location=Canada&q=intern","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"104496653687235270","title":"Research Intern, PhD, Summer 2027","locationText":"Waterloo, ON, Canada ; Toronto, ON, Canada","countryCode":"CA","city":"Waterloo","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/104496653687235270-research-intern-phd-summer-2027?q=intern&location=Canada","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:30.164Z","descriptionText":"$6b","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/104496653687235270-research-intern-phd-summer-2027?location=Canada&q=intern","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"94308684170961606","title":"Security Consultant Intern, BS/MS, Summer 2027","locationText":"Waterloo, ON, Canada ; Toronto, ON, Canada","countryCode":"CA","city":"Waterloo","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/94308684170961606-security-consultant-intern-bsms-summer-2027?q=intern&location=Canada","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:30.164Z","descriptionText":"$6c","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/94308684170961606-security-consultant-intern-bsms-summer-2027?location=Canada&q=intern","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"141525012002546374","title":"Student Researcher, PhD, Winter-Summer 2027","locationText":"Montreal, QC, Canada","countryCode":"CA","city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"student-researcher","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/141525012002546374-student-researcher-phd-wintersummer-2027?q=student+researcher&location=Canada","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:30.164Z","descriptionText":"$6d","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/141525012002546374-student-researcher-phd-wintersummer-2027?location=Canada&q=student+researcher","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"75043041429070534","title":"Student Researcher, PhD, Winter-Summer 2027","locationText":"Montreal, QC, Canada","countryCode":"CA","city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"student-researcher","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/75043041429070534-student-researcher-phd-wintersummer-2027?q=student+researcher&location=Canada","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:30.164Z","descriptionText":"$6e","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/75043041429070534-student-researcher-phd-wintersummer-2027?location=Canada&q=student+researcher","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"104405499448828614","title":"Student Researcher, BS/MS, Winter-Summer 2027","locationText":"Montreal, QC, Canada","countryCode":"CA","city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"student-researcher","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/104405499448828614-student-researcher-bsms-wintersummer-2027?q=student+researcher&location=Canada","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:30.164Z","descriptionText":"$6f","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/104405499448828614-student-researcher-bsms-wintersummer-2027?location=Canada&q=student+researcher","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"114416552819729094","title":"Student Researcher, BS/MS, Winter-Summer 2027","locationText":"Montreal, QC, Canada","countryCode":"CA","city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"student-researcher","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/114416552819729094-student-researcher-bsms-wintersummer-2027?q=student+researcher&location=Canada","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:30.164Z","descriptionText":"$70","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/114416552819729094-student-researcher-bsms-wintersummer-2027?location=Canada&q=student+researcher","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"128430823337534150","title":"Student Researcher, PhD, Fall 2026","locationText":"Montreal, QC, Canada","countryCode":"CA","city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"student-researcher","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/128430823337534150-student-researcher-phd-fall-2026?q=student+researcher&location=Canada","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:30.164Z","descriptionText":"$71","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/128430823337534150-student-researcher-phd-fall-2026?location=Canada&q=student+researcher","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"113855697199735494","title":"Student Researcher, BS/MS, Fall 2026","locationText":"Montreal, QC, Canada","countryCode":"CA","city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"student-researcher","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/113855697199735494-student-researcher-bsms-fall-2026?q=student+researcher&location=Canada","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:30.164Z","descriptionText":"$72","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/113855697199735494-student-researcher-bsms-fall-2026?location=Canada&q=student+researcher","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"80582381009806022","title":"Technical Program Manager Intern, BS/MS, Summer 2027","locationText":"Mountain View, CA, USA ; Ann Arbor, MI, USA ; +30 more ; +29 more","countryCode":"US","city":"Mountain View","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/80582381009806022-technical-program-manager-intern-bsms-summer-2027?q=intern&location=United+States","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:30.164Z","descriptionText":"$73","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/80582381009806022-technical-program-manager-intern-bsms-summer-2027?location=United+States&q=intern","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"100460871561421510","title":"Business Undergraduate Intern, Summer 2027","locationText":"Mountain View, CA, USA ; Ann Arbor, MI, USA ; +30 more ; +29 more","countryCode":"US","city":"Mountain View","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/100460871561421510-business-undergraduate-intern-summer-2027?q=intern&location=United+States","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:30.164Z","descriptionText":"$74","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/100460871561421510-business-undergraduate-intern-summer-2027?location=United+States&q=intern","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"91436104816698054","title":"Software Engineering Intern, PhD, Summer 2027","locationText":"Mountain View, CA, USA ; Ann Arbor, MI, USA ; +30 more ; +29 more","countryCode":"US","city":"Mountain View","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/91436104816698054-software-engineering-intern-phd-summer-2027?q=intern&location=United+States","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:30.164Z","descriptionText":"$75","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/91436104816698054-software-engineering-intern-phd-summer-2027?location=United+States&q=intern","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"100648618540573382","title":"Software Engineering Intern, BS, Summer 2027","locationText":"Mountain View, CA, USA ; Ann Arbor, MI, USA ; +30 more ; +29 more","countryCode":"US","city":"Mountain View","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/100648618540573382-software-engineering-intern-bs-summer-2027?q=intern&location=United+States","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:30.164Z","descriptionText":"$76","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/100648618540573382-software-engineering-intern-bs-summer-2027?location=United+States&q=intern","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"94172495052972742","title":"Software Engineering Intern, MS, Summer 2027","locationText":"Mountain View, CA, USA ; Ann Arbor, MI, USA ; +30 more ; +29 more","countryCode":"US","city":"Mountain View","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/94172495052972742-software-engineering-intern-ms-summer-2027?q=intern&location=United+States","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:30.164Z","descriptionText":"$77","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/94172495052972742-software-engineering-intern-ms-summer-2027?location=United+States&q=intern","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"134770032394543814","title":"Associate Product Manager Intern, Summer 2027","locationText":"Mountain View, CA, USA ; Ann Arbor, MI, USA ; +30 more ; +29 more","countryCode":"US","city":"Mountain View","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/134770032394543814-associate-product-manager-intern-summer-2027?q=intern&location=United+States","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:30.164Z","descriptionText":"$78","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/134770032394543814-associate-product-manager-intern-summer-2027?location=United+States&q=intern","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"115313754307994310","title":"Data Center Engineering Intern, BS/MS, Summer 2027","locationText":"Mountain View, CA, USA ; Ann Arbor, MI, USA ; +30 more ; +29 more","countryCode":"US","city":"Mountain View","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/115313754307994310-data-center-engineering-intern-bsms-summer-2027?q=intern&location=United+States","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:30.164Z","descriptionText":"$79","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/115313754307994310-data-center-engineering-intern-bsms-summer-2027?location=United+States&q=intern","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"135755874491605702","title":"Product Design Engineering Intern, BS/MS, Summer 2027","locationText":"Mountain View, CA, USA ; Ann Arbor, MI, USA ; +30 more ; +29 more","countryCode":"US","city":"Mountain View","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/135755874491605702-product-design-engineering-intern-bsms-summer-2027?q=intern&location=United+States","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:30.164Z","descriptionText":"$7a","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/135755874491605702-product-design-engineering-intern-bsms-summer-2027?location=United+States&q=intern","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"122803627516404422","title":"Hardware Engineering Intern, BS/MS, Summer 2027","locationText":"Mountain View, CA, USA ; Ann Arbor, MI, USA ; +30 more ; +29 more","countryCode":"US","city":"Mountain View","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/122803627516404422-hardware-engineering-intern-bsms-summer-2027?q=intern&location=United+States","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:30.164Z","descriptionText":"$7b","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/122803627516404422-hardware-engineering-intern-bsms-summer-2027?location=United+States&q=intern","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"112499004540887750","title":"User Experience Engineer Intern, BS/MS, Summer 2027","locationText":"Mountain View, CA, USA ; Ann Arbor, MI, USA ; +30 more ; +29 more","countryCode":"US","city":"Mountain View","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/112499004540887750-user-experience-engineer-intern-bsms-summer-2027?q=intern&location=United+States","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:30.164Z","descriptionText":"$7c","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/112499004540887750-user-experience-engineer-intern-bsms-summer-2027?location=United+States&q=intern","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"136529930677560006","title":"Silicon Engineering Intern, PhD, Summer 2027","locationText":"Mountain View, CA, USA ; Ann Arbor, MI, USA ; +30 more ; +29 more","countryCode":"US","city":"Mountain View","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/136529930677560006-silicon-engineering-intern-phd-summer-2027?q=intern&location=United+States","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:30.164Z","descriptionText":"$7d","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/136529930677560006-silicon-engineering-intern-phd-summer-2027?location=United+States&q=intern","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"86701057991680710","title":"Research Intern, PhD, Summer 2027","locationText":"Mountain View, CA, USA ; Ann Arbor, MI, USA ; +30 more ; +29 more","countryCode":"US","city":"Mountain View","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/86701057991680710-research-intern-phd-summer-2027?q=intern&location=United+States","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:30.164Z","descriptionText":"$7e","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/86701057991680710-research-intern-phd-summer-2027?location=United+States&q=intern","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"114405557703451334","title":"Customer and Partner Solutions Engineering Intern, BS/MS, Summer 2027","locationText":"Mountain View, CA, USA ; Ann Arbor, MI, USA ; +30 more ; +29 more","countryCode":"US","city":"Mountain View","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/114405557703451334-customer-and-partner-solutions-engineering-intern-bsms-summer-2027?q=intern&location=United+States","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:30.164Z","descriptionText":"$7f","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/114405557703451334-customer-and-partner-solutions-engineering-intern-bsms-summer-2027?location=United+States&q=intern","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"88570332985598662","title":"Silicon Engineering Intern, BS/MS, Summer 2027","locationText":"Mountain View, CA, USA ; Ann Arbor, MI, USA ; +30 more ; +29 more","countryCode":"US","city":"Mountain View","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/88570332985598662-silicon-engineering-intern-bsms-summer-2027?q=intern&location=United+States","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:30.164Z","descriptionText":"$80","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/88570332985598662-silicon-engineering-intern-bsms-summer-2027?location=United+States&q=intern","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"136826798817059526","title":"Security Engineering Intern, BS/MS, Summer 2027","locationText":"Mountain View, CA, USA ; Ann Arbor, MI, USA ; +30 more ; +29 more","countryCode":"US","city":"Mountain View","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/136826798817059526-security-engineering-intern-bsms-summer-2027?q=intern&location=United+States","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:30.164Z","descriptionText":"$81","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/136826798817059526-security-engineering-intern-bsms-summer-2027?location=United+States&q=intern","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"89541201752924870","title":"User Experience Research Intern, MS, Summer 2027","locationText":"Mountain View, CA, USA ; Ann Arbor, MI, USA ; +30 more ; +29 more","countryCode":"US","city":"Mountain View","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/89541201752924870-user-experience-research-intern-ms-summer-2027?q=intern&location=United+States","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:30.164Z","descriptionText":"$82","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/89541201752924870-user-experience-research-intern-ms-summer-2027?location=United+States&q=intern","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"117572151191446214","title":"User Experience Engineer Intern, PhD, Summer 2027","locationText":"Mountain View, CA, USA ; Ann Arbor, MI, USA ; +30 more ; +29 more","countryCode":"US","city":"Mountain View","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/117572151191446214-user-experience-engineer-intern-phd-summer-2027?q=intern&location=United+States","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:30.164Z","descriptionText":"$83","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/117572151191446214-user-experience-engineer-intern-phd-summer-2027?location=United+States&q=intern","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"100798001798095558","title":"User Experience Design Intern, BS/MS, Summer 2027","locationText":"Mountain View, CA, USA ; Ann Arbor, MI, USA ; +30 more ; +29 more","countryCode":"US","city":"Mountain View","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/100798001798095558-user-experience-design-intern-bsms-summer-2027?q=intern&location=United+States","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:30.164Z","descriptionText":"$84","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/100798001798095558-user-experience-design-intern-bsms-summer-2027?location=United+States&q=intern","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"97352132356645574","title":"Hardware Engineering Intern, PhD, Summer 2027","locationText":"Mountain View, CA, USA ; Ann Arbor, MI, USA ; +30 more ; +29 more","countryCode":"US","city":"Mountain View","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/97352132356645574-hardware-engineering-intern-phd-summer-2027?q=intern&location=United+States","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:30.164Z","descriptionText":"$85","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/97352132356645574-hardware-engineering-intern-phd-summer-2027?location=United+States&q=intern","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"137409539979780806","title":"User Experience Research Intern, PhD, Summer 2027","locationText":"Mountain View, CA, USA ; Ann Arbor, MI, USA ; +30 more ; +29 more","countryCode":"US","city":"Mountain View","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/137409539979780806-user-experience-research-intern-phd-summer-2027?q=intern&location=United+States","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:30.164Z","descriptionText":"$86","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/137409539979780806-user-experience-research-intern-phd-summer-2027?location=United+States&q=intern","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"83535564552184518","title":"Student Researcher, PhD, Fall 2026","locationText":"Mountain View, CA, USA ; Ann Arbor, MI, USA ; +18 more ; +17 more","countryCode":"US","city":"Mountain View","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"student-researcher","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/83535564552184518-student-researcher-phd-fall-2026?q=student+researcher&location=United+States","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:30.164Z","descriptionText":"$87","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/83535564552184518-student-researcher-phd-fall-2026?location=United+States&q=student+researcher","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"132362676918461126","title":"Student Researcher, BS/MS, Fall 2026","locationText":"Mountain View, CA, USA ; Ann Arbor, MI, USA ; +18 more ; +17 more","countryCode":"US","city":"Mountain View","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"student-researcher","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/132362676918461126-student-researcher-bsms-fall-2026?q=student+researcher&location=United+States","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:30.164Z","descriptionText":"$88","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/132362676918461126-student-researcher-bsms-fall-2026?location=United+States&q=student+researcher","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"134313315235963590","title":"Student Researcher, PhD, Winter-Summer 2027","locationText":"Mountain View, CA, USA ; Ann Arbor, MI, USA ; +18 more ; +17 more","countryCode":"US","city":"Mountain View","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"student-researcher","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/134313315235963590-student-researcher-phd-wintersummer-2027?q=student+researcher&location=United+States","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:30.164Z","descriptionText":"$89","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/134313315235963590-student-researcher-phd-wintersummer-2027?location=United+States&q=student+researcher","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"131518356678156998","title":"Student Researcher, BS/MS, Winter-Summer 2027","locationText":"Mountain View, CA, USA ; Ann Arbor, MI, USA ; +18 more ; +17 more","countryCode":"US","city":"Mountain View","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"student-researcher","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/131518356678156998-student-researcher-bsms-wintersummer-2027?q=student+researcher&location=United+States","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:30.164Z","descriptionText":"$8a","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/131518356678156998-student-researcher-bsms-wintersummer-2027?location=United+States&q=student+researcher","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"134795423167455942","title":"Research Scientist PhD Intern, 2027","locationText":"London, UK","countryCode":"GB","city":"London","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/134795423167455942-research-scientist-phd-intern-2027?q=intern&location=United+Kingdom","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:30.164Z","descriptionText":"$8b","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/134795423167455942-research-scientist-phd-intern-2027?location=United+Kingdom&q=intern","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"73321728058499782","title":"Data Science PhD Intern, 2027","locationText":"London, UK","countryCode":"GB","city":"London","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/73321728058499782-data-science-phd-intern-2027?q=intern&location=United+Kingdom","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:30.164Z","descriptionText":"Google's data scientists work within our Software Engineering organization, including Search, YouTube, and Google Ads. We analyze sets of data and continually run live experiments in order to help drive critical decisions at Google. Specifically, we support the development of innovative, highly scalable, next-generation technologies through research and advanced analysis. \nGoogle is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to address some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.\n","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/73321728058499782-data-science-phd-intern-2027?location=United+Kingdom&q=intern","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"100028133205254854","title":"Software Engineering, Site Reliability Engineering BS/MS Intern, 2027","locationText":"London, UK","countryCode":"GB","city":"London","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/100028133205254854-software-engineering-site-reliability-engineering-bsms-intern-2027?q=intern&location=United+Kingdom","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:30.164Z","descriptionText":"$8c","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/100028133205254854-software-engineering-site-reliability-engineering-bsms-intern-2027?location=United+Kingdom&q=intern","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"80037545080955590","title":"Software Engineering or SRE, PhD Intern, 2027","locationText":"London, UK","countryCode":"GB","city":"London","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/80037545080955590-software-engineering-or-sre-phd-intern-2027?q=intern&location=United+Kingdom","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:30.164Z","descriptionText":"$8d","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/80037545080955590-software-engineering-or-sre-phd-intern-2027?location=United+Kingdom&q=intern","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Google","sourceCompany":"google","sourceType":"google-careers-html","jobId":"117638920753029830","title":"Student Researcher Program Manager, Talent Engagement","locationText":"London, UK","countryCode":"GB","city":"London","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"student-researcher","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/117638920753029830-student-researcher-program-manager-talent-engagement?q=student+researcher&location=United+Kingdom","tags":["Google Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:30.164Z","descriptionText":"$8e","key":"https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/jobs/results/117638920753029830-student-researcher-program-manager-talent-engagement?location=United+Kingdom&q=student+researcher","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"SAP","sourceCompany":"sap","sourceType":"sap-careers-html","jobId":"1424438933","title":"SAP iXp Intern - Sales Development Executive","locationText":"Alpharetta, GA, US, 30009","countryCode":"US","city":"Alpharetta","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Alpharetta-SAP-iXp-Intern-Sales-Development-Executive-GA-30009/1424438933/","tags":["SAP Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-19T19:05:57.539Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Alpharetta-SAP-iXp-Intern-Sales-Development-Executive-GA-30009/1424438933/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"SAP","sourceCompany":"sap","sourceType":"sap-careers-html","jobId":"1434095533","title":"SAP iXp - HR Business Partner Intern","locationText":"Newtown Square, PA, US, 19073","countryCode":"US","city":"Newtown Square","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Newtown-Square-SAP-iXp-HR-Business-Partner-Intern-PA-19073/1434095533/","tags":["SAP Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-19T19:05:57.539Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Newtown-Square-SAP-iXp-HR-Business-Partner-Intern-PA-19073/1434095533/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"SAP","sourceCompany":"sap","sourceType":"sap-careers-html","jobId":"1415899633","title":"SAP iXp Intern - Sales Development Executive","locationText":"Alpharetta, GA, US, 30009","countryCode":"US","city":"Alpharetta","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Alpharetta-SAP-iXp-Intern-Sales-Development-Executive-GA-30009/1415899633/","tags":["SAP Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-19T19:05:57.539Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Alpharetta-SAP-iXp-Intern-Sales-Development-Executive-GA-30009/1415899633/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"SAP","sourceCompany":"sap","sourceType":"sap-careers-html","jobId":"1386177533","title":"SAP iXp Intern - SAP Business Network Supplier Enablement &amp; Transformation Specialist","locationText":"Pittsburgh, PA, US, 15212","countryCode":"US","city":"Pittsburgh","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Pittsburgh-SAP-iXp-Intern-SAP-Business-Network-Supplier-Enablement-&amp;-Transformation-Specialist-PA-15212/1386177533/","tags":["SAP Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-19T19:05:57.539Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Pittsburgh-SAP-iXp-Intern-SAP-Business-Network-Supplier-Enablement-&amp;-Transformation-Specialist-PA-15212/1386177533/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"SAP","sourceCompany":"sap","sourceType":"sap-careers-html","jobId":"1421426433","title":"SAP iXp Intern - Sales Development Executive","locationText":"Alpharetta, GA, US, 30009","countryCode":"US","city":"Alpharetta","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Alpharetta-SAP-iXp-Intern-Sales-Development-Executive-GA-30009/1421426433/","tags":["SAP Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-19T19:05:57.539Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Alpharetta-SAP-iXp-Intern-Sales-Development-Executive-GA-30009/1421426433/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"SAP","sourceCompany":"sap","sourceType":"sap-careers-html","jobId":"1433183333","title":"SAP iXp Intern - Services Demand Management","locationText":"Palo Alto, CA, US, 94304","countryCode":"US","city":"Palo Alto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Palo-Alto-SAP-iXp-Intern-Services-Demand-Management-CA-94304/1433183333/","tags":["SAP Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-19T19:05:57.539Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Palo-Alto-SAP-iXp-Intern-Services-Demand-Management-CA-94304/1433183333/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"SAP","sourceCompany":"sap","sourceType":"sap-careers-html","jobId":"1431263633","title":"SAP Student Training and Rotation (STAR) Program- Global Marketing [Bellevue]","locationText":"Bellevue, WA, US, 98004","countryCode":"US","city":"Bellevue","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"student","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Bellevue-SAP-Student-Training-and-Rotation-%28STAR%29%E2%80%AFProgram-Global-Marketing-Bellevue-WA-98004/1431263633/","tags":["SAP Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-19T19:05:57.539Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Bellevue-SAP-Student-Training-and-Rotation-%28STAR%29%E2%80%AFProgram-Global-Marketing-Bellevue-WA-98004/1431263633/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"SAP","sourceCompany":"sap","sourceType":"sap-careers-html","jobId":"1380808333","title":"SAP iXp Intern - AI Research PhD Associate","locationText":"Palo Alto, CA, US, 94304","countryCode":"US","city":"Palo Alto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Palo-Alto-SAP-iXp-Intern-AI-Research-PhD-Associate-CA-94304/1380808333/","tags":["SAP Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-19T19:05:57.539Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Palo-Alto-SAP-iXp-Intern-AI-Research-PhD-Associate-CA-94304/1380808333/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"SAP","sourceCompany":"sap","sourceType":"sap-careers-html","jobId":"1436395233","title":"SAP iXp - Global Revenue Operations Intern - Project Management and Business Analysis","locationText":"Alpharetta, GA, US, 30009","countryCode":"US","city":"Alpharetta","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Alpharetta-SAP-iXp-Global-Revenue-Operations-Intern-Project-Management-and-Business-Analysis-GA-30009/1436395233/","tags":["SAP Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-19T19:05:57.539Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Alpharetta-SAP-iXp-Global-Revenue-Operations-Intern-Project-Management-and-Business-Analysis-GA-30009/1436395233/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"SAP","sourceCompany":"sap","sourceType":"sap-careers-html","jobId":"1424962033","title":"SAP iXp Intern - Adoption, Insights &amp; Services [Tempe, AZ]","locationText":"Tempe, AZ, US, 85288","countryCode":"US","city":"Tempe","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Tempe-SAP-iXp-Intern-Adoption%2C-Insights-&amp;-Services-Tempe%2C-AZ-AZ-85288/1424962033/","tags":["SAP Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-19T19:05:57.539Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Tempe-SAP-iXp-Intern-Adoption%2C-Insights-&amp;-Services-Tempe%2C-AZ-AZ-85288/1424962033/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"SAP","sourceCompany":"sap","sourceType":"sap-careers-html","jobId":"1431290633","title":"SAP Transformation Sales iXp Intern - Enterprise Architect Advisory","locationText":"Newtown Square, PA, US, 19073","countryCode":"US","city":"Newtown Square","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Newtown-Square-SAP-Transformation-Sales-iXp-Intern-Enterprise-Architect-Advisory-PA-19073/1431290633/","tags":["SAP Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-19T19:05:57.539Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Newtown-Square-SAP-Transformation-Sales-iXp-Intern-Enterprise-Architect-Advisory-PA-19073/1431290633/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"SAP","sourceCompany":"sap","sourceType":"sap-careers-html","jobId":"1434894533","title":"SAP iXp Intern - Project Management [Miami, FL]","locationText":"Miami, FL, US, 33126","countryCode":"US","city":"Miami","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Miami-SAP-iXp-Intern-Project-Management-Miami%2C-FL-FL-33126/1434894533/","tags":["SAP Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-19T19:05:57.539Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Miami-SAP-iXp-Intern-Project-Management-Miami%2C-FL-FL-33126/1434894533/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"SAP","sourceCompany":"sap","sourceType":"sap-careers-html","jobId":"1435915433","title":"SAP iXp Intern - Personalization, Digital Platforms &amp; AI [Newtown Square, PA]","locationText":"Newtown Square, PA, US, 19073","countryCode":"US","city":"Newtown Square","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Newtown-Square-SAP-iXp-Intern-Personalization%2C-Digital-Platforms-&amp;-AI-Newtown-Square%2C-PA-PA-19073/1435915433/","tags":["SAP Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-19T19:05:57.539Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Newtown-Square-SAP-iXp-Intern-Personalization%2C-Digital-Platforms-&amp;-AI-Newtown-Square%2C-PA-PA-19073/1435915433/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"SAP","sourceCompany":"sap","sourceType":"sap-careers-html","jobId":"1425371233","title":"SAP iXp Intern - Full-Stack AI Developer","locationText":"Palo Alto, CA, US, 94304","countryCode":"US","city":"Palo Alto","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Palo-Alto-SAP-iXp-Intern-Full-Stack-AI-Developer-CA-94304/1425371233/","tags":["SAP Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-19T19:05:57.539Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Palo-Alto-SAP-iXp-Intern-Full-Stack-AI-Developer-CA-94304/1425371233/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"SAP","sourceCompany":"sap","sourceType":"sap-careers-html","jobId":"1433981733","title":"SAP iXp Intern - Product Management, Event Technology &amp; Digital Platforms [Newtown Square, PA]","locationText":"Newtown Square, PA, US, 19073","countryCode":"US","city":"Newtown Square","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Newtown-Square-SAP-iXp-Intern-Product-Management%2C-Event-Technology-&amp;-Digital-Platforms-Newtown-Square%2C-PA-PA-19073/1433981733/","tags":["SAP Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-19T19:05:57.539Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Newtown-Square-SAP-iXp-Intern-Product-Management%2C-Event-Technology-&amp;-Digital-Platforms-Newtown-Square%2C-PA-PA-19073/1433981733/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"SAP","sourceCompany":"sap","sourceType":"sap-careers-html","jobId":"1437760833","title":"SAP iXp Intern - Site Speed Performance [Newtown Square, PA]","locationText":"Newtown Square, PA, US, 19073","countryCode":"US","city":"Newtown Square","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Newtown-Square-SAP-iXp-Intern-Site-Speed-Performance-Newtown-Square%2C-PA-PA-19073/1437760833/","tags":["SAP Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-19T19:05:57.539Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Newtown-Square-SAP-iXp-Intern-Site-Speed-Performance-Newtown-Square%2C-PA-PA-19073/1437760833/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"SAP","sourceCompany":"sap","sourceType":"sap-careers-html","jobId":"1430487633","title":"SAP Student Training and Rotation (STAR) Program - Business Focus Spring/Summer 2027[Newtown Square]","locationText":"Newtown Square, PA, US, 19073","countryCode":"US","city":"Newtown Square","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"student","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Newtown-Square-SAP-Student-Training-and-Rotation-%28STAR%29-Program-Business-Focus-SpringSummer-2027Newtown-Square-PA-19073/1430487633/","tags":["SAP Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-19T19:05:57.539Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Newtown-Square-SAP-Student-Training-and-Rotation-%28STAR%29-Program-Business-Focus-SpringSummer-2027Newtown-Square-PA-19073/1430487633/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"SAP","sourceCompany":"sap","sourceType":"sap-careers-html","jobId":"1430469433","title":"SAP Student Training and Rotation (STAR) Program-Technical Focus Spring/Summer 2027[Newtown Square]","locationText":"Newtown Square, PA, US, 19073","countryCode":"US","city":"Newtown Square","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"student","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Newtown-Square-SAP-Student-Training-and-Rotation-%28STAR%29-Program-Technical-Focus-SpringSummer-2027Newtown-Square-PA-19073/1430469433/","tags":["SAP Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-19T19:05:57.539Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Newtown-Square-SAP-Student-Training-and-Rotation-%28STAR%29-Program-Technical-Focus-SpringSummer-2027Newtown-Square-PA-19073/1430469433/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"SAP","sourceCompany":"sap","sourceType":"sap-careers-html","jobId":"1432641133","title":"AI Business Strategy Intern - SAP Singapore","locationText":"Singapore, SG, 117440","countryCode":"SG","city":"117440","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Singapore-AI-Business-Strategy-Intern-SAP-Singapore-117440/1432641133/","tags":["SAP Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-19T19:05:57.539Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Singapore-AI-Business-Strategy-Intern-SAP-Singapore-117440/1432641133/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"SAP","sourceCompany":"sap","sourceType":"sap-careers-html","jobId":"1432633233","title":"Generative AI Engineer Intern - SAP Singapore","locationText":"Singapore, SG, 117440","countryCode":"SG","city":"117440","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Singapore-Generative-AI-Engineer-Intern-SAP-Singapore-117440/1432633233/","tags":["SAP Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-19T19:05:57.539Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Singapore-Generative-AI-Engineer-Intern-SAP-Singapore-117440/1432633233/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"SAP","sourceCompany":"sap","sourceType":"sap-careers-html","jobId":"1425904933","title":"Data Science Developer Intern   SAP Business AI Singapore","locationText":"Singapore, SG, 117440","countryCode":"SG","city":"117440","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Singapore-Data-Science-Developer-Intern-SAP-Business-AI-Singapore-117440/1425904933/","tags":["SAP Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-19T19:05:57.539Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Singapore-Data-Science-Developer-Intern-SAP-Business-AI-Singapore-117440/1425904933/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"SAP","sourceCompany":"sap","sourceType":"sap-careers-html","jobId":"1261533801","title":"Full Stack Developer Intern (AI topics)   SAP Business AI Singapore","locationText":"Singapore, SG, 117440","countryCode":"SG","city":"117440","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Singapore-Full-Stack-Developer-Intern-%28AI-topics%29-SAP-Business-AI-Singapore-117440/1261533801/","tags":["SAP Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-19T19:05:57.539Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Singapore-Full-Stack-Developer-Intern-%28AI-topics%29-SAP-Business-AI-Singapore-117440/1261533801/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"SAP","sourceCompany":"sap","sourceType":"sap-careers-html","jobId":"1425019733","title":"STAR (Student Training and Rotation) Program Intern - Singapore","locationText":"Singapore, SG, 117440","countryCode":"SG","city":"117440","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Singapore-STAR-%28Student-Training-and-Rotation%29-Program-Intern-Singapore-117440/1425019733/","tags":["SAP Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-19T19:05:57.539Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Singapore-STAR-%28Student-Training-and-Rotation%29-Program-Intern-Singapore-117440/1425019733/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"SAP","sourceCompany":"sap","sourceType":"sap-careers-html","jobId":"1434449133","title":"SAP Intern - Full Stack Developer - SAP Build Mobile and Agentic Qualities","locationText":"Singapore, SG, 117440","countryCode":"SG","city":"117440","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Singapore-SAP-Intern-Full-Stack-Developer-SAP-Build-Mobile-and-Agentic-Qualities-117440/1434449133/","tags":["SAP Careers"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-19T19:05:57.539Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://jobs.sap.com/job/Singapore-SAP-Intern-Full-Stack-Developer-SAP-Build-Mobile-and-Agentic-Qualities-117440/1434449133/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"PSP Investments","sourceCompany":"psp-investments","sourceType":"github-simplify-list","sourceName":"Simplify Summer 2027 Internships","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/SimplifyJobs/Summer2027-Internships","jobId":"github-simplify-list:a51f62937b354149db25","title":"AI Solutions Intern - External Manager Selection & Monitoring","locationText":"Montreal, QC, Canada","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://investpsp.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/psp_careers/job/Montreal/Intern--AI-Solutions-for-External-Manager-Selection---Monitoring--May---August-2027-_R4933?utm_source=Simplify&ref=Simplify","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Simplify / Pitt CSC"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.337Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://investpsp.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/psp_careers/job/Montreal/Intern--AI-Solutions-for-External-Manager-Selection---Monitoring--May---August-2027-_R4933","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Epic Games","sourceCompany":"epic-games","sourceType":"github-simplify-list","sourceName":"Simplify Summer 2027 Internships","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/SimplifyJobs/Summer2027-Internships","jobId":"github-simplify-list:6806859bc6938350b257","title":"Machine Learning Intern","locationText":"Canada","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Canada","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://epicgames.com/careers/jobs/6138134004?gh_jid=6138134004&utm_source=Simplify&ref=Simplify","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Simplify / Pitt CSC"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.337Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://epicgames.com/careers/jobs/6138134004?gh_jid=6138134004","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Epic Games","sourceCompany":"epic-games","sourceType":"github-simplify-list","sourceName":"Simplify Summer 2027 Internships","sourceRepositoryUrl":"https://github.com/SimplifyJobs/Summer2027-Internships","jobId":"github-simplify-list:8d10e832e99c4522310b","title":"Machine Learning Intern - Special Projects - Epic Research Group","locationText":"Montreal, QC, Canada","countryCode":"CA","countryCodes":["CA"],"city":"Montreal","employmentType":null,"internshipType":"internship","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://epicgames.com/careers/jobs/6138140004?gh_jid=6138140004&utm_source=Simplify&ref=Simplify","tags":["community-listed","Canada","Simplify / Pitt CSC"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:15.337Z","descriptionText":"","key":"https://epicgames.com/careers/jobs/6138140004?gh_jid=6138140004","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Hudson River Trading","sourceCompany":"hudson-river-trading","sourceType":"official-early-talent-program","jobId":"explore-hrt:check-program-page","title":"Explore HRT","locationText":"New York City, United States; London, United Kingdom; Singapore","countryCode":"US","countryCodes":["US","GB","SG"],"city":null,"employmentType":null,"internshipType":"early-talent-program","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.hrt-trading.com/student-opportunities/","tags":["Check program page","early talent","quant trading","2028 graduates","monitoring source"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:16.281Z","descriptionText":"Official early-talent program monitor.","key":"https://www.hrt-trading.com/student-opportunities/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Optiver","sourceCompany":"optiver","sourceType":"official-early-talent-program","jobId":"futurefocus:check-program-page","title":"FutureFocus 2027 - Chicago","locationText":"Chicago, Illinois, United States","countryCode":"US","countryCodes":["US"],"city":null,"employmentType":null,"internshipType":"early-talent-program","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.optiver.com/join-us/students/programs/futurefocus/","tags":["Check program page","early talent","quant trading","first and second year","listed on source"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:16.281Z","descriptionText":"Official early-talent program monitor.","key":"https://www.optiver.com/join-us/students/programs/futurefocus/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Citadel / Citadel Securities","sourceCompany":"citadel","sourceType":"official-early-talent-program","jobId":"launch:check-program-page","title":"Launch 2027","locationText":"United States","countryCode":"US","countryCodes":["US"],"city":null,"employmentType":null,"internshipType":"early-talent-program","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.citadelsecurities.com/careers/internships/","tags":["Check program page","early talent","sophomore internship","monitoring source"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:16.281Z","descriptionText":"Official early-talent program monitor.","key":"https://www.citadelsecurities.com/careers/internships/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Citadel / Citadel Securities","sourceCompany":"citadel","sourceType":"official-early-talent-program","jobId":"discover-citadel:check-program-page","title":"Discover Citadel","locationText":"United States; United Kingdom; Singapore","countryCode":"US","countryCodes":["US","GB","SG"],"city":null,"employmentType":null,"internshipType":"early-talent-program","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.citadel.com/careers/programs-and-events/discover-citadel/","tags":["Check program page","early talent","first and second year","program","monitoring source"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:16.281Z","descriptionText":"Official early-talent program monitor.","key":"https://www.citadel.com/careers/programs-and-events/discover-citadel/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"Two Sigma","sourceCompany":"two-sigma","sourceType":"official-early-talent-program","jobId":"new-seekers-summit:check-program-page","title":"New Seekers Summit 2027","locationText":"New York City, United States","countryCode":"US","countryCodes":["US"],"city":null,"employmentType":null,"internshipType":"early-talent-program","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://www.twosigma.com/new-seekers-summit/","tags":["Check program page","early talent","quant research","first and second year","listed on source"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:16.281Z","descriptionText":"Official early-talent program monitor.","key":"https://www.twosigma.com/new-seekers-summit/","hot":false,"hidden":false},{"company":"D. E. Shaw","sourceCompany":"de-shaw","sourceType":"official-early-talent-program","jobId":"nexus:applications-closed","title":"Nexus 2027","locationText":"United States","countryCode":"US","countryCodes":["US"],"city":null,"employmentType":null,"internshipType":"early-talent-program","postedAt":null,"applyUrl":"https://fellowships.deshaw.com/?profile=student","tags":["Applications closed","early talent","fellowship","second year","monitoring source"],"lastSeenAt":"2026-09-24T08:39:16.281Z","descriptionText":"Official early-talent program monitor.","key":"https://fellowships.deshaw.com/?profile=student","hot":false,"hidden":false}],"generatedAt":"2026-09-24T08:41:24.388Z"}]]}]]}]
